[6months Update]Little did I know that these are NOT made to live forever. Each pair lasted on average a month before it started disintegrating in my ear (and obviously had to be thrown.) I contacted ComplyFoam and they confirmed that they're made to be used, quoting: "For peak performance, we do recommend changing to new tips every 3 months. A three pair package of tips will last most users around 9 months. Of course, how much you use the tips will have an effect on the lifespan of the tips. Our active users may find they need to replace their tips more often than the average user."1. 3months a pair seems fair, but not if you spend all day in calls. For my usage that ended up being closed to a month.2. I'd give the product 5 Stars on functionality; 3 Stars on pricing (after all, airpods cost a ton and factoring an additional $10/pair of buds that'll bump their yearly price to +120 is unreasonable; 2 Starts only because it doesn't explicitly state in the description that the tips are to be changed frequently and can't be cleaned with alcohol, etc.[Original review]I've used (and still use) all sorts of headphones; Bose Sport earbuds, Bose SoundSport, Apple Airpods, etc. and never have I ever felt any discomfort, until I got the ultra over-priced AirPod pros. Well guess what, price doesn't correlate with comfort in Apple's case. And given the window return closed, I was stuck with a pair of over the top noise canceling in-ear headphones that I can barely get in a 30min Zoom call with without having to disable my camera to scratch my ear.Until I got these Foam earbud tips. At first, I though paying $24 for tips was stupid because that's the price of a new pair of headphones. But then I remembered that the useless piece of junk for my ears that is the AirPod Pro cost me exactly 10x the price. So I gambled with a 10% because why not. It ended up being the best impulse decision I made in a long time. Not only did they come in 3 pairs of tips, but they were as comfortable as nothing in my ear, didn't make my ears sweat, noise canceling is functional, and above all? my girlfriend wanted to "borrow" a pair because the black on white looked cool ... not so fast, little ears. Got an L over here.Anyways, don't go too far trying to deep clean your ear for your AirPod Pros, get this damn product today.