Jaybird took the earbud market by storm when they launched their original true wireless Vista earbuds. They were nearly perfect earbuds for athletes, gymsharks, dancers, construction workers, and anyone else who needed some durable earbuds that are comfortable to wear for a few hours and produce excellent full sound and bass. The proprietary Jaybird app makes those buds even better by giving wearers the ability to adjust the sound profile to their liking. I loved using the original Vista earbuds for the gym and daily activities.After sadly losing my Jaybird Vista buds (or having them stolen, but who knows) I was ecstatic to see that Jaybird had released a younger brother which boasted what I assumed would be all the same functionality and ability as the first pair, but with the addition of some great features like active noise cancelling, gps tracking to the case, wireless charging ability, and improved sound. Enter the Jaybird Vista 2 earbuds. On paper, these buds looked like everything I could possibly want in a replacement pair, and (at the time of writing) they're being sold for the same price if not lower than what you can get the originals for. That should have been my first red flag, but I couldn't just not at least give them a try.It turns out that unfortunately Jaybird crashed and burned with these earbuds. When attempting to improve upon a product that the public loves so much, they ironically slid backwards with the new version, hence the reason the original is currently more expensive than the sequel.Jaybird Vista 2 EarbudsWhat I liked:Battery life. While there are obviously buds out there with better battery life, with how little I actually had to charge the original Vista buds, this was a non issue. Even with ANC enabled the Vista 2 buds reportedly had similar battery life to the originals. I didn't have them long enough to find out, however. Added wireless charging functionality is also a bonus.What I disliked:Sound quality. Although the sound quality was supposedly upgraded, I personally wasn't impressed and prefer the old buds.Connection issues. Initially connecting and setting up was normal and okay. But unlike other devices I connect to my phone, while using the Vista 2 buds, all tracks and videos skip and hiccup periodically, obviously facilitating a less than ideal user experience. It was distracting and infuriating.Complete audio loss. When switching apps between a YouTube/Netflix video, Pandora, Spotify, etc, almost every time I did, I experienced total loss of sound. The video continues to play, but to get the audio back I had to go get the case, put the buds back in, and take them out again. Sometimes it would come back when somebody called me. Really strange. Since I primarily keep the case in a locker while working out, that is actually a deal breaker.Active noise cancelling (ANC). Or rather, the lack thereof. It was almost non-existent, and not really worth using.GPS tracking. I thought it was awesome that Jaybird added a way to always know where my earbuds were in case they were misplaced, but this isn't so. You can only track them to the last place you used them. If you have them in the case and they fall out of your pocket somewhere or someone steals them from your bag, you are out of luck. The app will just tell you that the last place you used them was the gym that morning rendering the GPS tracking almost useless.Price. I know I mentioned that the Vista 2 earbuds are only listed at $130, down from the $199 they were originally released at, but in my opinion they're not even worth 130. There are plenty of other options for the same or less that will give you much more bang for your buck.Conclusion:While on paper, the Jaybird Vista 2 earbuds seem to be a complete upgrade in many ways to the original Vista true wireless buds, unfortunately in practicality this was not the case. Between the constant connection issues(!), non-existent ANC, and occasional audio loss altogether, I understand why Jaybird is trying to give these away for much lower than what they were released at.After returning the Vista 2s I opted to try out the Jabra Elite Active 75t true wireless earbuds, which I found on sale for Presidents Day for only $99. They are incredible, and I actually like them more than the original Vista buds. They have a lot of the features that these Jaybird Vista 2s were supposed to give users, except executed much better. And the sound quality is incredible.