I've had these headphones now for a year and they were good enough at the beginning that I figured I'd give them a shot and see if I couldn't resolve the quirks on my own. I use these everyday, most of the day. I start off using them for running and exercising in the mornings, then throughout the day for audiobooks, podcasts, and work phone calls. These were my first set of "true wireless" earbuds and they have had nothing but issues.Cons:1) From the beginning one headphone will cut out and there's no reconnecting it unless you have the case. It's a fairly simple solution to just set the headphone in close the case for about 3 seconds, then open back up and it will automatically reconnect, however if I'm exercising or out on a run and they cut out -- which would happen at random if I got a phone call, a message, or other notification -- then I'm doomed to have a useless headphone in my ear for an hour or more while I run.2) They don't always connect in the case. I often have to fidget with them in order for them to actually charge. At the beginning it wasn't so bad, but after about 3-4 months I have to fidget with them every time I put them in the case to make sure the little LED lights come on or it won't charge.3) Quality hardware: the headphones themselves are in great shape, but the case is already falling apart. Admittedly I've dropped a few times (and only recently) but just from my pocket and there was no scratch or crack on the outside. This is a failure of build quality on the interior, the inside piece is separating from the case bottom.4) Bluetooth: 80% of the time the bluetooth quality is fantastic, however for that 20% it gets cracky, spotty, and cuts out on and off. Again, the only way to fix that is to put the buds back in the case for a few seconds and "reconnect"5) Battery life: I was impressed with battery life for about 3 months and then I found they were dying after about 4 hours of use. It was easy enough to recharge by having the case handy, but now the right headphone for some reason dies about 30% faster than the left. I'll take them out first thing in the morning and they'll be 100%, and by the end of my run the left was 60% and right was 30%. Once it hits 20% you have about 10-20 min to plug them in and then they're dead.Pros:1) Sound: I'm no audiophile, but the sound for me is pretty great.2) Soundsense/noise cancelling: I've used sony and bose sound cancellation tech before, and this is on par, maybe not quite as good, but close. The soundsense is the Jaybird attempt at ambient awareness which allows you to listen to music while also hearing sound from your surroundings, and it's pretty great as well. Additionally, switching between the two is super easy with a double tap on the headphones themselves, and it works really well.In summary, I would not buy these again, and I would not recommend them. I don't necessarily have an earbud I'd suggest in place as these were my first and they were pricey enough I'm going to use them until they die. I hope this helps you in your decision.