The sound quality on these little guys is pretty excellent. Honestly they are probably the best ear buds I have had for the sound and clarity of the music but the catch is... they don't work or break frequently.I should mention that I have since had these replaced by the company and I will say their customer service is 10/10 but this review is a mix between the pair I bought on Amazon and the clunkers that replaced them.The problems started probably about a month or 2 into owning the original pair, there would be times where the lights on the case would light up and blink, indicating the buds were indeed attached and charging and I would open the case the next day and I'd be met with the very happy notification that one or both buds had not charged at all. After that, the lights stopped showing up at all, or would randomly blink to life, so for a couple weeks I rolled the dice on whether they would be charged or not, since I had no visible indication or reliable indication they were charging. After another week of this and eventually the left ear bud just STOPPED working at all, I contacted Jaybird about a replacement pair, which they very graciously sent me.Vista 2: Round 2: Buckle up buckarooThis pair, TWO WEEKS out of the box, for 2 days would not charge the buds. At all, in fact I'm 90% sure the mimic dock they were in was siphoning what little charge the buds had and would consume it. That was almost it for me right then and there. Fortunately, they seemed to straighten up and were fine... for about 5ish days. At the gym I was sweating, but no more then usual, and the right bud just.... didn't like that I guess and would drop connection. When it didn't drop and reconnect randomly it would instead BLAST static noise into my ear and then disconnect. It also went from 80% battery to 0% in about 20 minutes. I'm assuming "workout" ear buds a very generous term.For both buds, I followed all the instructions for cleaning, making sure to be careful with how they were cleaned and allowing the proper amount of time to air dry before reconnecting. I followed the reset instructions and these were all bandaid fixes at best.Bottom line, these buds are NOT worth the cost of entering. I can get a $20 pair of Skull Candy's that'll last twice as long.Steer clear of the Vistas, specifically these variants they are not it.