I'm a marathon runner and, thus, an avid user of headphones. After owning a series of different Jaybird models, I purchased Jaybird Vista 2 headphones in April 2022. The sound quality is good, but they don't fit well into my ears and can be difficult to connect to my phone, even with the app. But because I spent over $100 on them, I was going to make them work for me.They stopped working on June 28 (one bud would not charge and now the buds need an update, but you can only do an update if both are charged and connected). the Jaybird customer service line was closed, so I did all the recommended troubleshooting and called first thing in the morning on June 29. I was told I would need to go through the warranty department, and would definitely hear from them within 24-48 hours. On July 2, having not heard from the warranty department as promised, I reached out through Facebook messenger. On July 4, I was assured this was being escalated and I would hear back within 24 hours. 32 hours later, I let them know that I had still not heard anything. On July 6, they informed me that I had been "misrouted to the wrong queue." I finally heard from warranty this morning, but all that email asked was (1) if I'd done the troubleshooting and (2) if my shipping address was correct. I answered both questions when I first reached out EIGHT DAYS AGO. After 2 more phone calls, I have now learned that my warranty request was approved and my replacement Vista 2s would ship out within 3-5 business days (so next week). I am told there is absolutely no way to expedite this process.Jaybird markets to endurance athletes, so it knows that we rely on the products daily. Other brands that market to the same demographic do a great job of understanding the need for a consistent functioning product and empower their employees to resolve issues quickly (Garmin, for example, is the polar opposite of Jaybird in terms of quality customer service). I will be without functioning headphones for at least two weeks, possibly three, due to their defective product and lousy customer service. This is unacceptable. I have not used any other brand for my distance running in nearly a decade, but will not be wasting my money on Jaybird products in the future. For what it's worth, I have already purchased a pair of Shokz Open Run Pro so I have something to use while I wait weeks for the new Jaybird Vistas to come. These headphones are far more comfortable and have zero issues connecting with my iPhone.