I don't hate these earbuds, but I feel a 2 star review is well deserved because the few flaws make them a poor product. These sound good and stay put in my ears excellently. The main flaws are that callers hear "wind" when I'm just walking inside of my house and they sometimes say they're connected, but I need to turn Bluetooth on and off to get them to work. Any slight wind outside makes it so the person on the other side of the call cannot hear me at all. I have owned the Jarba 75 Active whatevers and Galaxy Buds and Buds+ and have never had issues with "wind" particularly when walking around inside. The Galaxy Buds connecting perfectly every time to my galaxy phone was always awesome and I know it spoiled me. But its 2022 and I don't see why all earbuds can't just reliably connect when you take them out of the case and put them in your ears. Unlike the galaxy buds, which didn't have active noise cancelling. These naturally let some sound in, so you need to turn noise cancelling on to get true noise blocking that the buds just blocked with their design. The only reason I branched out from the Galaxy Buds line is because they would go bad rather quickly, with one ear going almost silent within a year once and a year and a few months the second time. Thank goodness for AMEX's extended warranty. I cannot speak to the longevity of these as they are going back after about 3 weeks of heavy use.Pros:Sound good.They really stay put in my ears with minimal need for poking in or adjustment.Good EQ (not great, but good)Small case, nice magnetic attachment.Somehow don't suck earwax out of my ear like others have.Battery life is good.Cons:Wind noise makes calls impossible unless perfectly still indoors.Connecting to the phone is inconsistent.The first few wears were painful.Need active noise cancelling on to block sound.Bottom line is that perhaps if you don't want Galaxy Buds and don't really speak on the phone using earbuds except when perfectly still, these could be okay for you.