Despite reading so many great reviews (raving reviews that had been the deciding factor for purchasing these), I ordered these headphones with average expectations - after all, they are being sold for quite an inexpensive price.Unfortunately, they left me disappointed. They might be a good fit for someone else, just not for me. Here's why....Pros:1. OK for watching videos online or on YouTube, or other non-musical activities. Clear sound, no static, and no unwanted echoing.2. They do a good job of blocking out external noise when listening to music, and when no music is playing while wearing them they still block out about at least half of the background noise.3. Probably ok for someone who listens to their music at a generally quieter level than most, those who do not mind losing much of a song's typical bass quality, and/or those with sensitive ears that require lower or less-intense audio and/or volume levels. Parents who would love their kids to have a good pair of volume-limiting headphones may appreciate these greatly. (See # 1 on my list of "Cons" below for why I am saying so....)4. The fit is a little different than some other ear buds on the market. This can be a pro or con depending on the person using them, but for me, they were comfortable to wear for decent periods of time without any ear discomfort. (Comfortably physically, not musically.) I wore them for about 2-3 hours at a time during a few online webinars.Cons:1. Loss of music quality and volume. Seriously... I would use the headphones that came with my iPod instead of ever using these if it came down to that. I say this because I found the volume maximum to be about the same, if not quieter, than even some of those intentionally lowered-volume headphones on the market today (the kind of headphones I'm referring to are the buds/headphones that set the maximum volume lower than the standard buds/headphones on the market in an attempt to proactively keep kids from going deaf when they decide to blast the volume on their iPods and mp3s). The only problem with that being, for someone like me who has great hearing and a love of music, the songs sound like they are at a partial volume despite both my iPod and laptop being at their respective maximum volume levels. I typically will never turn any of my devices up that high, but after receiving these and giving them a test-run, I was trying to see if raising the volume level on my devices would resolve the lack of satisfaction, excessive lack of bass, and the lack of volume in the music coming through these headphones. This leads me to the next con...2. The fit. Thinking that maybe I was using the wrong attachment size for my ears and that perhaps it was affecting the quality of the music or muffling the music somehow, I tried every single size of the attachments that had been provided. Despite the sizing not affecting the quality or volume level at all, I also found that it was difficult to figure out which way these are supposed to sit in the ear. I positioned them in the way my other in-ear headphones would sit, yet these still seemed to be 'off.' Perhaps it is because of the uniquely angled design? After playing with it for a bit, I found a comfortable position that allowed the noise-cancelling to work its magic; however the volume levels, while still on the quieter side and seemed to vary depending on the song that was playing. This caused me to keep readjusting them, almost as if they had somehow moved out of place or something. I have not had this problem with any other in-ear headphones I've purchased before. I would have concluded that these headphones not being positioned correctly was the cause for the volume/sound quality issues I was experiencing when using these, however after a couple hours of trying every position and depth humanly possible with these, I figure it's mainly the output I'm having an issue with, rather than their fit.Conclusion:I will probably keep these stashed away as back-up in case I lose whatever pair I am currently using to listen to my music with, or perhaps only use them for webinars and the like, but these just weren't a good fit for me. For the price, maybe these aren't so bad (especially if these are the qualities you are looking for in a pair of headphones), but I have never spent more than $15 on headphones or ear buds in my life and these didn't compare very well to the many others I have tried. I even thought for a moment that maybe I'd just lost some hearing or gone a little deaf over time when I realized how limited these headphones sounded to me, but my friend let me borrow her JVC gumy headphones to test my ears and the audio/volume from her headphones turned out to be fine, even at my device's lower volume levels. The JVC gumy ear buds she lent me were just like the gumys I used to buy regularly every six months or so prior to purchasing these Panasonic headphones. The JVC gumys sound amazing and don't really sacrifice any bass in spite of their ridiculously affordable price, but after the prop 65 warning that they are required to share with consumers had been posted, I chose to move on to healthier audio pastures. I had truly hoped these Panasonic headphones would be just that - but they aren't. Just ordered the next pair of headphones I'll be trying out from Amazon this morning and we'll see how they measure up.