So I got these headphones based on the stellar user rating and sheer number of reviews. I thought these people can’t all be wrong. Well, I was wrong. They are all wrong. Granted sound is subject to taste and user experience but I can’t comprehend how anyone can give these headphones anything above 3 stars. Now, a little detail about how I came up with that score.Construction: Overall seems pretty sturdy. The actual piece that rests on/in your ear feels pretty solid and can probably take some abuse. The wire feels exactly like the wire from headphones that were sold in the 90s, e.g. stiff and once creased (from package), can never be fully un-creased. I guess you get what you pay for.Noise isolation: Not bad, no real complaints here. 3 pairs of soft earpads are included in the package.Comfort: Not bad. I’ve used these for a week now and have no real complaints.Sound: Here’s where everything goes downhill fast. I’m not an audiophile by any stretch of the imagination. I wasn’t expecting great sound, but these managed to disappoint even my modest expectations. First thing I noticed is that you have to turn the volume higher than you normally would just to get the same level of sound. Second observation: the lack of any bass. I don’t even like anything that is base heavy. I like balance in my music and earphones. These lack even the basic amount of bass which may be related to my third observation; how hollow the music sounds. For lack of better terminology/wording, the sound lacks depth. It’s as if these can only play sound w/in a certain frequency range and that range is pretty small. I guess you get what you pay for.Headphones that I’ve owned/used: iPhone 4 and 5 headphones, Klipsch S4, basic Sony over the hear headphones, and Audio-Technica noise canceling ones. Excluding the iPhone 4 ones which I can’t remember how those sounded, these Panasonic units are by far the worst set of headphones I have ever owned. I guess you get what you pay for. Notice a pattern? If these are suppose to be the best cheap headphones that is available on the market right now then I will definitely have to spend more to get some decent ones. Oh Klipsch S4, why did you have to break on me?! I thought could get a decent set of headphones for a cheap price. I was wrong, very very wrong.Note: to anyone who thinks I’m not using these incorrectly; if I stuff these any further inside my ear, I’ll need a doctor to get these out.