I read review after review of these earbuds, just to be sure I was getting something as good as the ones I've had for 2 years that were great, though did not fit so well. The ones that did not fit well had bigger speakers, plain and simple, and though they were in-ear buds, were just slightly too large for me, but they SOUNDED GREAT! However, after reading reviews of these Panasonics, (RPTCM125V) I bought them, and they are HORRIBLE earbuds. I read several reviews that said they had to be well seated in the ear. I tried, tried again, and again, swiveled them this way and that, and they simply don't provide enough range to their sound unless I hold pressure on them while listening, and even then, not as much depth as my previous pair. That is not a reasonable expectation.So what I get from my old ones, which are about 12mm diameter and ROUND, is FULL range of sounds, very nice base, very nice mids, excellent highs, and little external noise - just enough to hear a horn or someone yelling. With these Panasonics I can hear everything that happens around me, and can barely hear my music, and there is ZERO bass to these - listening to Milt Hinton (Jazz bassist) and I can't hear... literally can't hear his base. Put my old ones in, sounds great. I have more than one pair of these Panasonics, both the same, so it's not just a bum pair. So yes, some people said you have to really get these to fit right, but if you don't, these are terrible. I never could. Tried all three rubber nibs that came with them. none would fit correctly. Very disappointing, except that I paid $7.00 ish for them, so don't mind keeping them as emergency buds. Bummer my old ones have now lost one side.Now, I'm a particular person, and I am somewhat of an electronics person, audiophile etc. So, while I don't re-hash all the specs on things, the claims of others that they sound great are likely because they've never had a truly good pair. I had to go up three notches on my iPhone volume to hear well with the Panasonics. That one factor alone tells me that these are just too little speaker for decent sound. If I can't get enough volume, then there is not enough speaker.There it is.. my 2 star review. 2 stars because they're cheap and do work.Don't buy'em if you are REALLY looking for good sound. If you generally don't care, buy two. They're cheap.Cheers!