Adding to my original review since I have had this for awhile now. I think this is a good thing for people to get what they need to get started--however, if you like to "do things right the first time," then spend your money elsewhere. Otherwise you will waste much time doing it over again.1: Fuse holder looks nice, appears robust, but is junk. I have spent many times taking it apart and applying dielectric grease to the contacts in an effort to keep the connection. Worked for awhile, then would need to do this every few months. Now it has to be done around once a month lately. Keep in mind this is not rattling around or tied to some wires loosely. I have the fuse holder mounted securely to my firewall within about a foot of my battery terminal, also it is mounted on a square of rubber (for vibration isolation). I made every effort to help keep a secure connection and yet this did not help even in the first week of use--I would lose connection. Should have returned under warranty at that point but it was my mistake assuming it was a freak occurrence. Don't waste your time making the same mistake as me. Last time I pulled this apart, I popped the hood to find the fuse holder now looks like the plastic is about to fall apart. I said to hell with the dielectric, and wrapped a piece of foil around the ends of the fuse to create a tighter connection. Will see how long this lasts but I count on eliminating this entire kit due to other reasons...2: the "8 AWG power and ground cables" are not "8 AWG." AWG is a wiring standard. If Boss Audio cannot follow a STANDARD then they should not advertise their product as such. Their "8" gauge wiring, when stripped, measures about .100 inches which is nearly 10AWG. 8AWG is standardized as .128" dia. This is AWG STANDARD. You cannot just label a wire as something else and simply sell it as something else. This is blatant false advertising and amazon.com should investigate this matter (also now seeing that I am not the first to complain about this on amazon.com or other sites). amazon.com should consider removing this product from their site as it is FALSELY ADVERTISED.It is also worthy of mention that partsexpress.com now lists this exact same kit (p/n KIT-2) as a "12 AWG Amplifier Installation Kit." Hmmm......3: the "16AWG" speaker wire leaves something to be desired. FALSE ADVERTISING just as gripe #2. 16AWG (according to the STANDARD is .0508" dia. Their wire looked to be about 20AWG but upon measurement I found it was closer to 18AWG. Still, it is undersized. Just because you have a larger shield/insulation diameter does not matter. AWG standard applies to the size of the COPPER. These wires do not meet AWG STANDARD for 16 AWG COPPER. Plain and simple.This wire also came loose from the speaker terminals because it is too thin and weak. I added a strain relief (eye loop) and screwed it to the side of the box. I should mention, regardless of the gauge of wire, this is something that you should probably do regardless to help prevent the wire from breaking like this.4: the 18AWG trigger is the same. Sizes out to about 20AWG and also has thin insulation. Also false advertising.The split loom is quite possibly the cheapest, thinnest, most ridiculous excuse of split loom I have ever seen. I didn't waste any time installing some other stuff instead.RCA cables - I don't know about these, because I didn't hack into them to see if they were made in the same "Ching Wah Foon" factory that mis-printed the 18gauge speaker wire as 16AWGTerminals are OKOverall impression after 2.5 years of ownership (and only 2 years installed since it took 6mo.s to get around to the install):DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME - you will spend time tracing problems with the damned cheap fuse holderSPEND A FEW BUCKS MORE AND BUY THE COMPONENTS INDIVIDUALLY - it may take more time to source them but as stated above you will save time with better quality productsOriginal review after a few months of use:Helped me, as I'm a self-proclaimed rookie at car audio installations. The instructions were generic yet specific and applied to my installation. I used split loom to protect wire and routed the wire wisely (use common sense, avoid pinch points, etc.).One issue is the amp would keep shutting off. Sometimes it would turn back on after a few days or sometimes miles if I kept driving. I would check all connections and find that by wiggling/knocking the fuse holder mounted on the firewall by battery, amp would turn on. Sometimes I had to unscrew the end cap and remove the fuse, put it back in, and it would for for awhile again. Weird. Started having to do this anywhere from twice a month to twice a week.On a chance I used dielectric grease and coated the contact ends of the fuse with it (apparently the connection had loosened up). Now I've had several months of trouble-free power to the amp. I would recommend doing this the FIRST time around (maybe they should include a small pouch with the kit).UPDATED AGAIN: I gave up fooling around with this POS and bought 