This review is for the kit 2I purchased the Boss KIT2 and the Boss KIT10 after reading some positive reviews on the 2 kits.. I thought I was buying some good stuff for the price... boy was I wrong.My buddy was with me when I received the kits since he was helping me with the install ( Hes been doing this for 10 years) after taking the wire out of the packaging he started to laugh at me... he pointed out some serious flaws about these two kits; 1st he said the 4 gauge kit was like an 8 gauge kit, and the 8 gauge kit was like a 10 gauge kit, severely over rated. Really you’re getting more plastic than copper (especially the speaker wire, you get like 3 strands of copper wire) last I checked, plastic isn't very conducive or efficient... He then pointed out the fuse that runs from the battery to the amp is a low grade AGU glass fuse, apparently AGU fuses suck and commonly melt, instead of popping like a fuse should... This is a huge hazard if you have a short circuit. I don’t need my car burning down because of a cheap fuse.With my ego shattered from my buddy giving me a hard time and making fun of me, I emailed amazon frustrated as hell because I felt very deceived and ripped off... This was false advertisement.so it was back to Amazon to find an alternative, after some research I found both the Belva BAK42 and the Belva BAK82, after sifting through some photos of the power wire, ground wire, speaker wire this stuff looked very promising. So I placed my order and got them a few days later... I was really surprised to see such a huge difference In the amount of wire you get with Belva VS Boss, day and night difference, even my friend was surprised to see that this kit came with a ANL fuse instead of AGU (more efficient, reliable, and they don’t melt) and you get your money's worth, the wire is TRUE CUT wire meaning you get the copper you pay for, not only that, but the jacket surrounding the wire was soft and flexible which made the installation easy! Boss was hard like plastic, not pliable at all!Its sad to see so many misinformed people out there thinking they are getting good kits when they buy Boss... I feel like I got ripped off personally, when for just a few bucks more you can get yourself an actual "grown man’s" amp kit, not some cheap toy. I'm a father and can’t afford the best unfortunately, but w/ Belva, for the price I feel like its a great value and that I got my moneys worth. DON'T be a chump like me and get BOSS...PS!I wanted to show the difference in these two brands to help you guys better understand so I shot a comparison video and some photos that I will be uploading. Be sure to check them out for a better look at the four kits I mentioned.