I got this adapter to use an old LCD monitor of mine at a now-uncommon resolution at a now-uncommon refresh rate (1280x960 at 85hz). At first, this adapter seemed fine. It's well-made and has no obvious defects on the outside. However, when I got it plugged into my laptop with a relatively high-quality VGA cable, the picture was off. To start, it had autonegotiated a resolution of 1920x1080, which the connected 1600x1200 monitor obviously didn't support. Yet, the adapter translated the supported resolution information sent from the monitor to the laptop anyway, which implies that the adapter assumes that anything connected supports 1080p, which is just plain foolish. It didn't stop there. Despite the VGA cable's quality, this adapter produces a surprisingly noisy signal, characterized by horizontal line noise. This actually got better after about a minute as if the adapter had to "warm up." However, in reality this had nothing to do with "warming up" as the noise returns when there is movement on the screen.The story continues. Luckily for me, all of the other resolutions were available. I chose the special 1260x960/85 resolution from Nvidia Settings. After adjusting the horizontal and vertical alignment on the monitor like you always do with VGA, I get the horizontal line noise problem again. All of a sudden, everything looks choppy. I thought this was an artifact of the unique 85hz refresh rate that was common only on CRTs (I'm using an IPS monitor). This wasn't the case as I also have a 60hz monitor connected to the same laptop that looked smoother. Additionally, it isn't a Linux diver problem as I have another monitor, a 144hz one, connected simultaneously and Linux can take full advantage of its 144hz refresh rate. After visiting testufo.com and performing a frame skip test, it turns out that the adapter is cutting out a monumental amount of frames, as if it assumes that all video output is 60hz. That was the last straw; if I have to deal with skipped frames and a noisy signal then I may as well have not bought this junk-to-me adapter.Photo 1: Nvidia Settings in Linux showing the connected display's settings.Photo 2: The output from xrandr in Linux showing all the possible resolution and refresh rate combinations. Note the addition of a dummy "1920x1080" option that isn't present if I connect my other PC directly to the monitor with a VGA cable and no adapter.