Feels harsh giving such a well-made product only two stars, but a well-made product that does not do what it’s supposed to do is not really worthy of praise.The cable is tough and made of good materials. The fine packaging and attention to detail are clear. However, this cable has a CRITICAL design flaw, and fails at the most basic level: charging your darn phone.The cable is built so thick and durable that it is in fact very inflexible. This puts a ton of torque on the phone charging port, and the contact points are constantly being separated by even the slightest movements while handling the phone during charging. Of course this then interrupts phone use as the charging/ charged screen notification is constantly being toggled. Over time this wrenching back and forth will surely damage the phone port, a FAR MORE VALUABLE component than the charging cable. I’ll take a junky throwaway cable any day over destroying my phone’s charging port.If you’re looking for a cable to charge your phone when not in use (but in that case why would it need to be durable?), or use on your next belaying or rappelling adventure (as the rope!!), knock yourself out.175 pounds of tensile strength?? They’ve totally missed the point.It may not make sense for this product, but I have an iPad stand (pictured) that is the best of both worlds in this regard: a rigid and durable adjustable arm married to a flexible extension for making fine-tune adjustments of the iPad’s final position. For this product that may just be strengthening the least important part of the cable, while leaving the highest use part of the cable prone to eventual breakage, and at that point you might as well just burn through a 5-pack of cheapo semi-disposable cables.Another better implementation of tough cable tech I’ve seen are Adidas’s over-the-ear fitness earbuds, where the wires are thin but Kevlar coated. My pair is at least 10 years old and have been yanked around and sweated on and they haven’t missed a beat (see what I did there?). Also pictured.I can’t believe it, but yep I’m actually going to be returning these top quality yet strangely useless cables.