I got these on a thurs night. Difficult to open the box. Almost tore it to shreds. After getting it open , I took the the headphone case out, found the cable to plug it in. I then tried to read the get started booklet but couldn't The light blue text on white background is unreadable. Not enough contrast. I then tried to spend about an hr trying to get them to work with my phone. Samsung galaxy s21+. No luck. The next night after work I tried AGAIN for a couple hours. No luck. Went to Ankers website and sent an email and got a phone number. Sat afternoon, I spent another 3 HOURS trying to get them to work! I was VERY frustrated and ready to send them back! I decided to wait until Monday morning and called Anker. Call was answered right away even though the recording said there might be a long wait. The gentleman walked me through a few things and they didn't work. Finally, he said to open the case, take the headphones out and make sure the plastic is removed. Huh??? Ok, I opened the case, took the headphones out and saw a white piece of plastic on each one. He then said to put the headphones back in and try again. When he heard me snap the case shut, he told me that I had to leave the case open, so I re-opened it. We tried again and successfully! The headphones showed up in my phone and I could connect them! A LOT of wasted time on my part and a little wasted time on Anker's part could have been avoided if you had simple, step by step directions in a readable format (NOT LIGHT BLUE ON WHITE!!!) saying 1. Open case. 2. Take headphones out 3. remove white plastic on each headphones 4. Put each headphones back in case 5. Leave case open and connect headphones to phone using Bluetooth on phone. Maybe in the next day or 2 I can go back on their website and learn about the features that they advertise.In the meantime, I've listened to some music and the sound is very good! The only downside is there seems to be a very quiet but audible hidden in the background when listening to music or watching movies. It's annoying and I have a hard time hearing. I don't know how loud it would be to someone not hard of hearing. Also, music seems to skip around when I press these back into my ears when they come loose. So-Documention-0Sound quality -4.5-5Phone customer service -5Website-3 (not used it enough to evaluate)I don't have anything to compare these against, I am very happy with the sound IF I can figure out how to stop the hiss.