Summary=======This headset offers great audio quality with fantastic ANC (Active Noise Cancelling). However, it leaves much to be desired in comfort (-1 star) and compatibility (-1 star). If you're going to be using these on a PC, you might want to continue reading as there are some unmentioned caveats that can be a game-changer for you.Comfort======Read the other reviews. There is plenty of mention about how the ear cuffs are just a tad too small and squeeze on the ears, causing discomfort. Unless you have notably small ears, this will affect you. You can try to reduce this by expanding the headset size. But even after a couple of weeks (which is normally all it takes for me to adjust), these things still cause discomfort. If you're going to be using these for intermittent, 30-minute conference calls (be careful, read about Compatibility below), it's tolerable. But if you plan to wear them all day, you might want to think twice.Compatibility==========This part is going to get pretty technical. But just know that if you're going to try to use these for conference calls, or anything that records audio on your *computer*, this probably isn't the headset for you. In my case, I set my PC up to use the mic on my conference speaker and the audio from the headset. It's a great alternative option, if available.These headsets are compatible with Bluetooth 5.0 and if you don't have that, you're not going to the get the full audio quality that these things are capable of. It's still backwards compatible, will work, and sounds great - but you're not going to get all that it has to offer. Most newer phones have this. But how new is your PC?Also, if you plan to do anything on the PC that records/transmits your microphone audio - you are not going to want to use the built-in mic here. It has nothing to do with the quality of the mic, but rather the lack of a good firmware (something that can be fixed by a simple software update). Put simply, when you use this thing on a PC, you are given two audio options. One is a hands-free option. In order to use the mic and hear audio at the same time, you have to use the hands-free option. Doing so drops your audio quality to what sounds worse than a $5 pair of earbuds from a gas station. To make matters worse, ANC is completely disabled and the ambient sound around you gets amplified back into the headset so everything around you is even louder.*Running Windows 10 with new USB Bluetooth 5.3 Receiver, headset firmware up to date*If you do research on this issue, you'll see some people say it's due to a bandwidth limitation in Bluetooth 5.0. The normal audio quality is so great, that it almost maxes out the bandwidth. So in order to stay within that limitation while recording audio, it has to drop the quality to stay within this limitation. The problem with this theory is that it doesn't do any of this while you're using it on a smart phone during a call. Also, why amplify my ambient noise? I can hear myself talk just fine.Some people suggest updating the firmware. Well, there is no way to do that with just a PC. Not a big issue if you can just connect it to your smartphone, download the app, and update the firmware. Then you can just remove the app. But you'll have to sign up for an account first (why?) Even with up-to-date firmware, this is still an issue. The worst part is that all it would take is for the manufacturer to update the firmware with these considerations in mind.