These headphones offer a great sound experience for the price, there's not denying that. The noise cancelling is excellent and the quality of the sound is both extensive and full. If that and the price were all there was to judge about these headphones, they'd have a 5. But, the headphones also are meant to offer several hands-off features and QOL bits which, to put simply, hardly work. The built in ability to pause and skip or rewind, offered through a poorly thought out design of a single toggle that moves, works only about 10 percent of the time. Additionally, the thought process behind this bit of hardware seems not to have been well thought out or tested. To pause, skip, or rewind, the headphones have a plastic bit that can be pushed in, pushed forward, or pushed backward respectively. However I've found that more often than not, when I go to pause the headphones will register it as a skip instead. This could be because I press on the toggle when I go to skip, sure, but even when I'm exceptionally careful about this, I still have issues.Additionally, there is no way to check what the headphone's battery life is at. On my old Sony headphones which were about $50, I could at least hit a button and hear a range of time I had left. With these, you get a warning that you have somewhere between 2-5 hours of battery life left, and that only pops up once in that time span from what I've seen. Very easy to miss if, by chance, you take the headphones off for a minute.What's more, there's a continual issue with these that when they disconnect from something they will continually and constantly alert you to this fact until you turn them off and on again. Yes, I know I disconnected you from my computer. I did that so I could listen to music on my phone, but you keep warning me that you've "been disconnected." It's an easy fix of restarting, but I just don't see why this is an issue I should have to deal with.Finally, while the headphones aren't uncomfortable, they certainly do my head and ears no favors if I happen to have them on for more than a few hours. They have a habit of squeezing your ears in, which is painful after a few hours. The headband is adjustable but the fabric used to cushion has a tendency to also be rather grippy, which can cause some strange head fatigue I've found.Compared again to the previous headphones I had for $50, the sound quality is incredible. For that alone I would say if you're in the market for excellent quality headphones for the price, these are probably them. But on almost every other front I would rather have those Sony headphones again.Buy with caution, I would say.