I'll give this product one thing: it's definitely solid. Possibly has off-label home defense uses.With that said, all of the money you're paying goes toward having a super-solid stand manufactured with a level of quality control just a shade below a hotdog roasting bonfire run by six year-olds. The hole in the foam base applique through which you access the set bolt that holds everything together was just a tick off-center, and the result was that the foam overlaps -- not lines up with -- the base of the stand. That means part of the stand base hangs over the edge of the foam, whereas the other part of the base stops before the end of the foam, and so the exposed adhesive backing on that part of the foam just collects disgustingness like dust, hair, etc.A couple more aggravating things: number one, it seems close to impossible to just get the flexible adjuster level -- it will point perfectly at your forehead but if you want to capture your face you have to beat this thing into submission. You'll find yourself bending it down til your phone hits the table repeatedly then letting go until it finally comes to rest in a semi-okay angle and orientation.Number two, the positioning of the clamp is awkward for my iPhone 13 Pro Max. To keep it from holding the volume "down" button and making it impossible to hear the person on the other end of a call (or mute whatever you're watching), you have to slide the phone haphazardly way too far to one side. In turn, this makes it difficult to get the stand to balance, in combination with the previous problem of having to bend it all the way over to get a 90 degree angle. The result is that it will keep trying to tip over until you get it juuuust right.I'm torn on this stand. The plastic stands I've had before are very adjustable but way too flimsy and I've had to replace too many of them to want to buy another. This one though just takes the durability aspect way too far, and sacrifices usability.I won't need to buy another one of these things in the future because the thick steel plating will outlive me, cockroaches, mountains, etc., but I can't promise whether I'll actually keep using it in the future either, since it only wants to point at my forehead.