First let me say that the recording quality of this mic and the ease of use is the best I have found for the price. I sing online Karaoke on singsnap and the mic works great. I will say that it is best to keep it in a stand and not move or bump it during use as the mic will pick up those noises. It is also sensitive to popping so I recommend a pop filter with it. I did not have an issue with other background noises but anything touching the mic can be picked up. Even transferring it from hand to hand. The headphones have decent sound but are cheaply made and I always use earbuds for it instead.That said, I will now explain the only three stars.I purchased this from a Radio Shack in August. By October I had the headphone jack issue that many have commented on here. I contacted Samson and they told me to send the, receipt, the mic and everything that came in the package back and they would repair or replace it. I was surprised that it only took 2 weeks to get it back when they had said it could be as much as 10 weeks, however the package it was returned to me in looked as if someone had run over the packing materials. They were all torn and cracked. Mine was much better when I returned it .Anyway, here it is December and the second one is starting to drop sound in the left speaker of the headphone. If I move the wire it comes back. So here is go again. Fortunately I kept the emails from my first replacement so I just sent a new email off to them and will see where it goes.I advise you to keep your receipt and box for the entire 1 year warranty. and please, if it breaks within that first year, don't just throw it away, Return it and have it replaced at least. If they get enough back with the same issue, maybe some genius there will decide they need to improve it.UPDATE: Well here it is in July and now the USB jack in the mic is doing the same thing the headphone jack did. Both are loose and the plugs must be jiggled to make connection. I finally broke down and ordered a new one from Amazon and got it in. I love this mic so much because I can hear myself as well as the music, but I wish they would come up with a better system for plugs in the mic itself.