I ordered these because I unintentionally ripped out the wires from the 3.5mm plug on my set of Skullcandy S2INCZ-033.Honestly I thought the Skullcandy sounded significantly better, and were louder too. Those totally and instantly impressed me when I first got them, comparing them to the ones which came with my Sony NWZS545BLK . I used these stock Sony plugs in the interim while these Panasonics were shipping, and while the Panas sound better, it is not the significant better sound the skull candys impressed upon me.These don't sound bad, but they do not have the low thumping bass or the crisp trebles of the Skull Candys. It is like a multiuband eq with all the mid ranges up and all the highs and lows attenuated.They were delivered 2 days after I broke the Skullcandy's. They sound like there is a thin attenuating barrier between them and my ear, and certain guitar riffs or female voices to not get that penetration that tickles the inside of my skull and could force this mysterious water like substance from my eyes that my former buds could.My Music ranges from Mozart to Operation Ivy to Parov Stelar, and these buds just can't make me tear up, mosh, or shake it like an 'x'ing person on a dancefloor. The SC's could. The lack of volume is probably good for my long term hearing, but sometimes I need that almost painful level to coax the emotion, and these do not have that little extra Oomph.I always preferred the 'no equalizer' with the SC's with most music, but this setting just sounds incredibly dull with these headphones, but none of the preset eq settings can tickle the inside of my skull, nor do they seem to react the same way to changes as did as with the SC's, nor can I tune in the thumping bass or crisp trebles I was used to on the manual 5 band EQ.Not obvious in the photo of these Panasonics is that the rubber buds are offset to the body of the plug and are labeled L and R. I think this design is superior and certainly fits nicer in my ear than the skull candy's which could be inserted into either ear. I never thought the SC's fit poorly, I just noticed these fit better and tugs on the cord will not draw them from my ear as easily. I think the Skull Candy's reduced ambient noise to a greater degree as well, and this might have saved the life of My landlord's skreeching parakeet, may it die a slow painful annoying death soon. Freaking useless animal which fills me with rage. I daydream of killing it with a sledge hammer.The wires themselves are thinner than the SC's and do not have the sliding constrictor to hold the 2 individual leads closer together around my neck, or tight together for wrapping them up for storage, a feature which i liked a lot on the SC's. These thinner wires to not transfer as much rubbing noises to the headphones as the SC's however. The 3.5mm jack has a 90 degree bend on it. Not sure how I feel about that. I think it will stress the plug in the MP3 player itself more, and that is how my last 3 units failed internally.For under 7$ I'm not complaining, much, but the reviews had me expecting a slightly improved sound over my previous headphones, and I'm not finding that true in any degree, and I will be looking for an improvement over both in my next pair in the 20 to 35$ range. I want to see what this Sennheiser buzz is all about.