Stop looking now if you want a pair of low budget earbuds. I had to return two pairs with decent Amazon reviews that cost around $10, which taught me that spending at least $20 is mandatory. I found multiple reputable websites that declared the JLab Go Air Pop to be the best budget earbuds, and these did not disappoint!The sound quality obviously won't challenge very expensive earbuds, but the audio quality is more than adequate for those among us who aren't audiophiles. The bass could be better, but get a pair of high quality closed-back headphones if that's what you're after. Mozart's violin concertos sounded fantastic with these earbuds, and they did justice to my favorite pop and indie songs.The battery life is truly unbelievable for budget earbuds. Wearing earbuds longer than eight hours is unhealthy, so a long outdoor trip with multiple recharges in the case is the only scenario that should lead to a full loss of charge.I find all earbuds with silicone tips to be rather uncomfortable, and they must be readjusted regularly. The fit with foam tips was outstanding, and the sound quality improved a great deal. I received free foam tips after registering with JLab, and they were delivered in only five days!!! Don't bother trying to find another pair of earbuds in this price range with free foam tips... You won't find quality earbuds with active noise cancellation in this price range, so don't expect world class noise cancellation. Given that fact, the passive noise cancellation with the foam tips was very impressive.The inclusion of three built-in equalizer settings was a nice touch for budget earbuds. Although the other two built-in settings were unimpressive, the JLab Signature EQ setting was outstanding. While using my Samsung phone, the sound quality for most songs improved when the Dolby Atmos music setting was enabled. The Wavelet app's AutoEq preset called JLab Audio Go Air Pop provided additional sound quality. For most earbuds and headphones, downloading Wavelet from the Play Store is very highly recommended. The earbuds sound great without these settings, but I still highly recommend them.