I have been avoiding buying a pair of Bluetooth headphones as long as I possibly could (I didn't want to have another item I was forced to have to charge), but I recently upgraded my phone to one with a much better deal, which meant no more headphone jack. I could've gotten wired headphones that plugged into the charging port, but then I wouldn't be able to charge the phone while listening to music if I ever needed to, blah blah blah....ANYWAY...... Onto the review. I specifically didn't want ear buds with the inner rubber part that completely plugs up your ear, and completely cancels out the noise because A) I don't like the way those feel, and B) I still want to be somewhat aware of what's going on around me. I was looking around at different pairs, and these had the best reviews of the ones I was looking at, so I bought them.I've had them for a few days now, and I use them pretty regularly while I'm working during the day, and I have to say, I do really like them! They haven't died on me yet, and I have them in at least a couple hours at a time. I like the fact that I can still hear what's going on around me because they don't have the rubber tips that seal my ear canal, they just kind of sit in that space (idk ear anatomy, so I hope you know what I'm talking about). When I say that, I don't mean that the background noise takes over the music. I'm sure if you're one of those people who has the volume up loud enough, you probably wouldn't hear ANYTHING in the background. But at the volume I like my music at, I can still JUST hear the external noises, and I'm happy with that.I didn't have any issues connecting them to my phone, and they've never randomly dropped the connection either. The only very minor issue I seem to be having, and this might be on me, is that I kind of have trouble getting them out of the case sometimes...? Again, that might just be me, but thought it should be noted in case anyone else has trouble too.The controls (volume up/down, pause/play, skip/go back) are easy to understand and work well. I've only used the headphones for one or 2 phone calls, but the person on the other end of those calls seemed to have no issue hearing me (I haven't used the headphone controls for phone calls yet so I can't speak to the quality there, but judging by the controls for the music, they're probably fine too).In conclusion, if you've read this whole rambly review, I would definitely recommend these!