Update, September 10, 2022: Tragically, this mount does not work with my brand new Hisense 40 inch TV, 40A4G, which uses a 100 x 200 mm bracket size. When adjusting the arms vertically to fit the new shape of the holes, unfortunately the bracket comes up about 3 to 4 mm short, and thus cannot be used with this new TV. There may have been some warping or deformation that was caused as a result of being attached to my previous TV which died due to a lightning storm a couple weeks ago, for the past year and a half. I’m not sure whether to get another identical mount, or another brand that this new TV can work with.It’s sad that this mount has not been able to fulfill my requirement here, even though it’s served me well in the past, of course I’m not saying it hasn’t. It’s just disappointing.Original review, posted February 2021:After I got a chair to replace my bed (the end goal being to maximize the amount of space in my room), it followed that I would wish to have something with which I could sit back and relax, and continuously watch in comfort. So, I went on Amazon looking for mounts. I found one! It was the least expensive mount that I had seen in my short amount of research, but it seems to be a very high manufacture quality, which I would expect when I trust a very expensive piece of hardware, as well as one of my game consoles and my dresser, to several somewhat heavy, shaped pieces of steel and metal bolts.What you're seeing right now in my pictures, is a Samsung 2013 series F5500, 40 inch Smart TV, with a 200x200 VESA mounting pattern. As you are probably aware from reading the product description, this is about on the outer limit of what this mount can support (it says that it supports up to 42 inches, and up to 200x200). I do not detect any difficulties in the continuing stability of the mount, after I have had this mounted for about a couple weeks. There was a bit of “iffiness” until I discovered through some research that cracks and pops coming from the TV were perfectly natural parts of operation as internal casings heated and cooled down.I have to say this, though: make sure you have the mounting bracket, which attaches directly to the TV, facing the right direction. I didn't, the first time I installed it, and was wondering why it was not flush against the TV; I took a second look at the instructions and flipped the bracket. I am happy that was solved, but in order to conceal the bolts which screwed into the VESA ports, I had to use the thickest spacers that were provided, with the thickest and longest bolts provided (M8). Everything's all flush now, and all the threadings of the bolts have caught and hold properly, like, well, an iron grip.You might notice that the top of the mount plate which connects directly to the wall is not entirely flush with the wall, and this is due to the pilot hole I drilled not being absolutely parallel with the floor, pointing about half a millimeter or so up. I'm able to get my fingernail under that part, but that's it, and as you can see, the bottom is completely flush and there are no difficulties; no threading is lost (or will be lost, I'm feeling) on the lag screws.While I mentioned lag screws, let me go into a little bit of a rant as to what I've noticed people complaining about on their one- or two- star reviews, that the mounts they received were not stable and extremely wobbly, in fact. As per the instructions and as is repeated multiple times in the product information, and as you see everywhere on the Internet when dealing with these things, you cannot mount this kind of thing directly into drywall! You must use a wall stud, which is a plank that was used in the building of your house, most likely! There are plastic concrete anchors provided, which you should use if you have concrete or brick walls, but they must not be used with the drywall! For my part I am supremely confident that I found the stud, avoided drilling into any live wires, and secured the lag screws (which have extremely deep and widely spaced – and thus very strong – threadings) flush against my drywall into my stud (except for what you see above).For one of my pictures I focused on a certain bolt in the middle of the mount arm, which along with the one on the bottom which cannot be seen, is not one of those that we connect ourselves, but came that way. I identified this as the most load-bearing bolt of the whole assembly, and it remains flush, and I feel assured of its stability as well.The only thing that I might have a particular problem with, is one that others have noted as well; and that is the method by which the mounting bracket attaches to the mount arm, via two screws. This also handles the level of tilt presented by the mount, as far down as 15° and as far up as 5° from the center. After finding the sweet spot of tilt, I tightened the screws, making sure the washers were in their places as well, and the TV has not moved since. I see no further need to adjust the tilt, so I see no problem with this in the long run.Thank you, Pipishell, for manufacturing this amazing tool which helps me to expand my entertainment options in my bedroom! I look forward to watching my TV mounted for years and years to come!EDIT 3-21-2022: A year and a couple months out, and still no issues! Pipishell makes some great products, gotta say! In a few months I must replace this aging TV, however, as it has developed a dark spot in its LEDs in the upper left. I have little doubt that, because I'll be using a TV of the same size and mounting standard (this one, unless they run all the way out of stock by the time I'm ready to purchase it, in which case I'll find another: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07TTF3HJ3/ ), this mount will give me no problems.Thank you again, Pipishell! Again highly recommended!