I love my AirPods. I thought about getting the AirPods Pro but I didn’t wanna spend that much more just to have the noise canceling feature. Now I will probably upgrade in a year or two now that they’ve even improved the AirPods Pro even more.Coming from somebody who has an iPad and iPhone and an iMac at home having the AirPods and the ability to Switch between them so effortlessly without having to unpair and repair is so nice.I’ve had a number of Bluetooth headsets over the years from Plantronics to generic to a number of other different companies I don’t even know if I could remember every different manufacture that I’ve had. I always hated that they were bulky they never fit in my ear just right. I just never felt like they were great and it was always complicated they seem to fuss to pair up and especially if they ever unpaired then it was starting all over again. I love that the minute that I got my AirPods I flipped open the case and right away my iPhone registers that they are there and with the top of a Button on my phone and the top of the button on the AirPods in a couple of seconds I am paired up.I also have a very nice charger that I bought right here on Amazon for about $25 and it will charge my Apple Pencil my AirPods my Apple Watch and my iPhone all at the same time which is amazing and so nice that I can just click my AirPods case on there and they charge up in a very short time.First off I’m not a sound engineer or an audio file so I can’t say that they have the absolute best sound quality and I’m sure that they don’t I can’t imagine that if you went out and got some of the beads or some other type of wireless headset that fits over your entire ear with a bigger driver in it that of course it’s going to have better sound quality.But I love that they are tiny small and easy to just throw in the case. The battery life is great if my case is fully charged with the AirPods in and charged I can go to complete times to almost dead with both AirPods being used. If I only use one way talking on the phone I can go even more so in between case charging times is sometimes over a week which is absolutely amazing. The talk time on them is very long as well. I’ve never sat down and figured up exactly whether I get the exact time that Apple says.I love that the minute that I put them in my ear I get a nice little tone to let me know that they’ve connected if I’m listening to music and I take them out it automatically pauses. I love that it will even pause my music if I get an iMessage and it will read my message it will tell me who it’s from if they’re in my contact list if not it will read me the phone number and then read me the message and then asked me if I would like to respond all without touching my phone.I love Apple products even if they are a little more expensive in some areas but I love that for instance with the AirPods home they tie Effortlessly Into my phone my Mac and my iPad.I absolutely hate when I am talking on the phone for more than a couple of minutes to have to hold the phone. Also I run a business and so I have to multitask sometimes someone calls and I need to be able to pick up a remote to navigate to something to check I may need to grab the computer etc. and having the ability to have both hands free to do something like that while still talking and not worrying about the AirPods falling out of my ear is worth more than the money that I paid for them by far and then all the other features that come with it are great.So in the end I think that they are amazing and I’ve had it again a number of different Bluetooth headsets and they never fit right they fall out of my ear or the ones that took over my ears are always so uncomfortable after a short period of time that I never ended up using them I always ended up using my wired earbuds that come with my iPhone.