I originally had the TOZO 6 and I absolutely loved them. It was just a tiny bit big for my ears but I ended up buying a pack of those memory foam ear tips and it that worked alot better and was more comfortable. I ended up loosing one of the the ear bids at the airport so I decided to buy these the TOZO 1 mini and it fits perfectly in my ear w/o having to use the memory foam tips. The case is smaller too. I really like the size and look of these ones too. I would have rated the sound quality a 5 but comparing these to my orig pair, the TOZO6 the sound quality isn't quite as good as them, it's close but the 6's are a bit better as far as the sound and battery life. The 6's are waterproof too and I'm not sure if these ones are. I have used them while exercising and sweating and have worn them while it was raining and haven't had any issues and that's all I'm really worried about. The battery life is still really good I just feel like the 6's lasted a bit longer before having to recharge both the buds and the case. With both you get about 6 uses outta the buds before having to recharge the case you just have to charge the buds a lil bit sooner with these. I wear them a good bit every day, I listen to pod casts or watch movies and shows and they are both great! I just feel like the 6's were a teeny bit better is all, but I don't mind at all because the smaller size and better fit for me is worth the sacrifice. Sometimes I only wear one at a time so I still use my one earbud I have from my 6's when I decide to give these a full break to get a full charge lol. I am in love with this company tho. They have AWESOME products for a fraction of the cost of some other brands out there and just as good or better quality! I highly recommend these ear buds and the original ones I had too. This company will be my "go to" for these types of products!! I just can't get over how great they are all priced and as for the 2 items i have used so far for the AMAZING quality! Oh and I also use them to talk on the phone too like I never not use my buds when on a call and they both worked perfectly and no complaints at all from the other person on the other end! I always ask people I talk to and my mom's always a good one to ask cus she's really particular about being able to hear me on the phone and she said she hears me better on them then if I would just use the phone by itself so definitely no issues there! The touch controls are perfect also! I did notice on the 6s were a teeny tiny bit more sensitive b/c I was always having to adjust them cus I have weirdly small ear holes lol and I would mess up the volume or something but these aren't as sensitive like if I have to make an adjustment i don't accidentally hit the volume or anything but when I do want to use it normally it still works perfectly so that may be another upside to these mini's