I love these. I love these enough that I have a pair at work and a pair at home.I have some mental illness and part of that for me is that outside noises, especially when I'm watching TV/Movies or listening to music at work, put me in fight or flight mode and I simply cannot sit there and deal with it. I NEED good noise cancelling and the volume has to get pretty high.I went through Amazon and ordered something like 25 pairs of headphones - everything from $30 headphones to $600 headphones. I returned almost all of them, and was shocked at how little I liked the sound of the really expensive headphones.Cut to these guys, and man, they had everything I wanted. I immediately bought a second pair so I could leave one at the office.They are comfortable, first of all. I can have these on for hour at a time and be just fine with it. I don't find my ears getting sweaty and they don't agitate me in any way. The ANC is very, very, VERY good - especially for this price range. When people are trying to get my attention at work and I don't hear them, they often want to try my headphones out and are amazed when they put them on at how little they can hear. I've talked a few of them into buying a pair.The volume gets /plenty/ loud. Somehow, this was one of my biggest issues with all of the other headphones I tried. I don't need my ears to be bleeding, but I want a pair of headphones that are loud enough that I am not always at the highest volume....that there is always some wiggle room. These are plenty loud.The other issue I had across the board - from the cheapest to the most expensive headphones I tried - was a tinny sound and lack of bass. I mostly use these for listening to music, and I like to hear the bass. These have great bass, I love it. There is a function to turn the bass higher, but honestly, I think it sounds best on "normal" mode. The bass booster can tend to distort the treble a bit, and it's not even necessary, really.They also look pretty nice. That was the least of my concerns, but I like the way they look on.Overall? I can't recommend them enough. I thought I'd never find a pair I liked, so I am thankful to have found these. I've been wearing both pairs since August '22, and they have held up fine. I am not incredibly careful with them, and they're usually just grabbed and kinda tossed around, especially at work. They have held up very well, and keep in mind again, they get used a LOT.If any of my concerns are your concerns when it comes to headphones, try these out.