First off, this is not a comparison between the Anker Soundcore Q20s and any product from Bose or Sony.. That is an unfair comparison as they are not even in the same ball park.. I know that most people want to get an understanding of how comparable they are to those but if you aren't willing to spend the money on those, you aren't going to get near what they offer..That being said, for this price range these are the best hands down.. One hit KO.. I'll list all the features separately so they are easy to find and read about.Active Noise Cancellation:Let me get some things out of the way, I work at a gas plant in a landfill as IT and Data Reporting.. My job is noisy sometimes.. I hear a constant hum from the motors in the plant right outside my door all day long.. I also travel a lot from the various plants we run.. While ANC is on these headphones won't block out immediate talking next to me or sudden loud noises, but they do block out the noise from the plant.. That is without the music.. I do need to point out that the talking is trying to talk over motors so it's louder than your average office space. When the music is on and running, it adds a whole separate layer to the cancellation as I can no longer hear anything else..Sound:I don't typically have music up loud, most I've turned them up to is 50% because I've been rough on my ear drums since I was a kid playing drums at a young age.. As I've gotten older I've been more prone to try and protect my ears.. That being said, the sound quality is very nice with or without ANC engaged.. I find it's way more enjoyable with ANC on due to everything else being tuned out.. Some headphones will warp the sound when ANC is turned on, these do not.. The sound is as impressive with the feature on as it is off.. This is incredible.. I listen to a range of music from Rap and Hip-Hop to Metal and Hard Rock and they all sound clear and precise in these headphones..They do have a bass-up feature that increases the bass a little more.. This works well without muddying the sound quality too much.. I imagine if you increase the volume too much it might diminish but from my listening around the 50% max it's been outstanding.. Bass gains can be a real hit and miss for me as some lose sound quality.. With these that's not the case..Quality:The headphones feel amazing.. They have a nice weight to them (which is not for everyone). I personally like a little weight to my equipment.. It is sturdy and feels solid.. I was afraid of it feeling a little too plastic like but they really don't.. Now they aren't as nice as your $200-$300 headphone, but again, their price range they are amazing quality.. The ear cups are very comfortable and soft memory foam.. I was actually surprised that my ears don't get as hot as normal.. They will overtime due to the design.. It's impossible to get around since it traps heat, but these seem like they don't get as warm as fast.. Also the ear cups feel amazing.. I've literally worn them all day yesterday and felt no ear fatigue or strain.. This is a solid!Functionality:A feature that isn't talked about a lot with these is the awesome ability to connect to not just one but two devices simultaneously.. Now a note on that: You cannot listen to two devices at the same time.. What is going on is I'm able to connect to my computer and listen to music on it while being connect to my phone at the same time.. When someone calls me and I answer, it swaps input to my iPhone and stops playing the music in my ears.. Once the call is finished, it swaps back to my computer and I resume listening.. This is an amazing feature that I use daily!Battery:The battery is very nice.. When I received my unit the first thing I did was pair it to my devices (of course) and started checking it out.. I received them with 60% battery.. I used them the rest of that day at work for a couple of hours.. then when I left, used them a little more at the house and watched half of a movie on them before going to bed.. They were still at 60%.. The box says that they last 40 hours and that is accurate.. If you don't use the Bass-Up technology you can squeeze even more.. and to not use the ANC it goes up higher.. 40 hours for battery life though is incredible for this price range.. I cannot complain!Packaging:The packaging was very nice and well put together.. It came with a charge cable and 3.5mm aux cable (which is great for my Nintendo Switch when I fly).. While I would have loved to seen a USB-C type adapter (as would many others) that is still an expensive change to make and would probably bump the price up out of the $60 range.. I understand from a manufacturing point the reasoning to possibly go with a micro-USB.. It would be nice for C, but it is what it is.. That doesn't change how well this thing is made and works.. The only gripe I have and it's a minor thing is the case they come with.. Well, you can't call it a case cause it's just a bag.. Now, it's a very nice bag, but I throws these buys in a backpack with a laptop and iPad and Switch (in a hardcase) and so a bag doesn't really protect your headphones.. Luckily I had a nice hard case from a cheap pair of headphone I received a few years ago (the case was the nicest part) and they fit perfectly.. So if you don't have one buy a hard case for them..Overall:Overall, for the price these are the best hands down.. You really cannot beat their ANC and sound quality for this price.. I will definitely buy these again and probably buy my wife some so she'll stop stealing mine.. If it was out of 10, I'd give this product a 9/10 simply due to no hard shell case..