I’ve had these headphones since end of December 2019, gotten for flight over the holidays. Tried out both Bose noice Cancelling headphones at local brick & mortar store, but the price caused me to pause. On to Amazon where I found these, better price, would arrive before my flight, sounded like a deal worth a shot after reading everything about them what did I have to lose with Amazon’s return policy & Anker’s reputation for quality.I’ve had great chargers, other electronic items by Anker with great results. They arrived on time well packaged, impressive from the start, but sound quality sealed the deal.Back to Anker headphones, I love them! The sound quality is amazing, when I have ANC on I can’t hear anything but music, the outside noise is indeed cancelled. Even on my really bad flight (another story) a guy wanted to test them against his B newest headphones, so we switched for a test. He said he wish he had known about Ankers quality & price, they were impressive not that he would give up the B set, but would definitely buy them as a spare or an extra pair to use for other activities, he couldn’t believe the price. He went straight to Amazon asked me if the pair he chose were the same as mine, they were & he ordered them. That kind of confirmed I have a great pair of anc headphones & didn’t pay $$$ for them,They pair easily and are comfortable - until I’ve worn for hours then my shades/glasses are indented in my skull, time for a break, but that’s after hours of wearing-enjoying great sounding music 4-6 hrs & battery is still strong, time fly by.There are only 2 minor suggestions for Anker regarding these headphones 1) add to Soundcore app please (after thought I don’t know if it’s needed unless to customize equalizer) the volume can be controlled on the headphones. 2) the headband could use a slight redesign. Wearing them while working out, doing lawn work or inside cleaning, cooking, always moving about (excellent BT range btw), the top of headband pulls my hair as the headband is adjustable it tends to slide a wee bit & my hair gets pulled so I have to adjust them & keep going, I’ve no idea how they could do this it’s something I noticed when trying out my son's. He bought a cheap pair of JBL headphones for lawn mowing, they do fit a little better but don’t compare to Ankers sound quality, imho Would love JBL type fit on Anker Life Q20 hybrid ANC headphones!Taking phone calls while wearing headphones works great, I asked how did I sound, fine he said, then we laughed when I told him I was listening to music on my Ankers when he called & I took the call while wearing my headphones. Neither of us had any problems with quality of call. Volume is easy to find & adjust the multifunction button is easy to use for music or calls.They come with the charging cable, though I wish more companies included the wall plug in,I don’t always have a spare just ling around, ok so I never have a spare just laying about. Also the aux cable is included though I haven’t used that feature yet. A drawstring pouch to put them in, which was good as I didn’t have a case to put them in for my flight & no time to get one. Instructions are well written Anker products are always first classLove these headphones, the ANC & overall sound quality at this price point is a gift that keeps on giving. The quality of this model looks & sounds like the much higher price headphones, maybe better than some. I wouldn’t hesitate to buy for a gift as they come gift wrap ready or a gift of music for me.Overall Ankers entry into the headphone, earbud market is welcomed. I wouldn’t hesitate to try them out if you’re looking for headphones with ANC Fantastic sound, that doesn’t break the budget to tears, give them a listen I think you’re going to love them.Simply put my Anker Life Q20 ANC headphones are fantastic in quality and sound. I’m not an audiophile but I can’t find a thing disappointing in these, not quality or sound. I like a variety of music & I hear good bass, mid tones & treble, vocal it’s all there. As said for everything including quality these headphones deliver at a price that doesn’t break the bank & with Ankers outstanding customer service is amazing. I can honestly say Anker SoundCore is definitely impressive, just as their charging cables, & other electronic devices that was my first introduction to Anker products. I’m sure I’ll look at their Bluetooth speakers soon.Sorry for overly long review, there’s so many outstanding elements that I feel are important for customers to know when spending your money,I try to offer as much info I’ve experienced as possible, I’ve relied on Amazon customer reviews when making a purchase, they’re brutally honest good or bad & I appreciate that.I’ve had & used these headphones since late 22nd December, tonight is 25 July enough time to really evaluate them, they’ve exceeded my expectations, I would definitely recommend, most of all I would buy them again.Thanks if you did read this long review, good intentions to help others as they shop.UPDATE 12 August a friend of mine used my Ankers while visiting. He called back he had received his very own Anker Life Q 20 headphones. That says a lot about the sound & quality whilst respecting the customers wallet, he was so happy with his new headphones & that I recommended Ankers.Thanks again to Amazon shoppers, Amazon & Anker