Summary: Extremely comfortable / good bass but may fall a little short for bass heads / good noise cancellation / very short cablesI used to hate having to wear headphones, because they always gave me a headache and ear pains. I'd only put on one when I wanted to provide quiet space to my partner which has become more and more necessary, so I finally looked into headphones better suited for big heads and ears. QC 35 II was the first one I came across on top lists, but then the 45 was on a hefty sale *and* according to customers' measurements, 45 has an even bigger internal space for ears than the 35 (1.5" width x 2.5" height, vs. 1" width x 2" height respectively). I don't know if the comparisons are true, but my ears definitely fit perfectly with the 45! It's also for the first time ever that I can extend the headband so much I could even have empty space between that and my head if I wanted to, so no more pressure on the top of my head either!Comfort aside: prior to this, I had a Skullcandy so the sound quality difference is taking some time to get used to. The bass isn't weak per se, I'd say it's very good, but if you want that deeply thumping bass, this might fall a little short on that for you. It also doesn't sound as crisp as my Skullcandy did, but the quality is still extremely good. Noise cancellation and awareness mode is easy to switch between, and both are very good at their functions. The charging and audio cables are ridiculously short, but the charger is a universal one so you can just charge it on your phone's charger as well. I don't know if the audio cable can be supplemented from elsewhere, but if so and you need it, definitely recommend to with this length. My PC has bluetooth so I haven't had a need for it.All in all, any minor shortcomings these headphones may have is completely trumped by how incredibly comfortable it is, and for the first time I'm happy to wear headphones. If anything changes about quality (ear pads coming off, battery dying too fast), I'll try to remember to update this review.