I needed some earbuds for work so I bought these. I needed to wear just one bud so I would be able to hear people talking to me and other alerts. These buds work very well with my iPhone 13 mini.Usage: I get in the car in the morning and the phone pairs to the car's audio system. When I get to work, I park the car, reach into my bag and take out either the left or the right bud, and put it in my ear. It turns on and connects immediately, with audible notifications, and the music automatically switches from the car to the bud without any button pushes. Then I just turn off the car and go. I wear the right bud on MWF, and the left one on T,Th,Sat. It is easy to pause the music with a single sharp tap to the outside of the bud. Taps work through latex gloves but not through fabric mittens (unless they have conductive material I imagine). The buds have other touch controls, but I never use them because the Apple Watch serves as a remote for the phone's music app. I am able to make phone calls with either bud, so each one has a mic. The iPhone automatically defaults to use the buds for calls, so I can easily receive calls by answering and hanging up using my watch or the phone itself, although there are controls that will allow one to answer and hang up using taps on the buds (you might need to be wearing both buds for this type of control). I can also use talk to text on the watch or the phone. The music automatically resumes when the mic is no longer being used. I can also summon Siri using "Hey Siri." The buds are a tiny bit clumsy when handling because they slip out of your fingertips a little, so be careful not to drop them. The case is nice and slim and fits well in a pocket. It's hard to tell which one is the right bud and which one is the left bud, but there is a small letter on each one. They have to be placed into the case in their appropriate positions for charging.Battery: The battery will not make it through eight hours of continuous play, but the case charges the bud quickly and you can get a few more hours after only a 15-minute charge. I charge the case once a week, which takes several hours. The case also has an indicator that tells you the approximate battery life remaining on the case. Each bud shows a red indicator light when it is taken out of the case if it is not fully charged, and shows a blue indicator light if it is fully charged. There is no indicator that tells you the percentage of charge from what I have experienced. When the battery gets low, a voice comes on to remind you, and it is very persistent, even when you pause the music. So you really have to put the bud back in the case.Fit: I was amazed at how well these fit. I am 5'6" and I have a small head, so I thought my ears would be too small. The buds come with size adjustment inserts, but I tried them and they didn't improve the fit. The inserts that came pre-installed worked fine. They stay in place with moderate amounts of motion; however, I would hesitate to use them for exercise or sports because they feel comfortable but rather loose compared to my running buds. My running buds also have a rubber flap that helps keep them in place, and these buds don't have anything like that. I had to run across the street with these buds and they didn't fall out, so maybe they would be OK to take jogging. So far they have not fallen out at work. I don't feel any discomfort after wearing them for a 10-hour shift.Sound: I don't know much about sound quality relative to the big name brands, and I don't know much about noise cancellation, but I have used buds with terrible sound so I know that I would have returned these if I didn't like the quality. I listen to a lot of music and I also write songs on an electronic piano keyboard using a computer workstation and I know what music should sound like, and I feel that these supply a rich, balanced sound and good volume level with very little grain or background noise. I know that if I wear both buds and turn the volume up, I will be in my own little world.Overall these buds are a great value for the price and I am looking forward to enjoying my music library at work for as long as I can.