I got them today, so my experience with these earbuds is pretty limited. I've also never had wireless earbuds before - until now, I was using the cheap, wired headphones that came with my iphone. I got really frustrated with the cord always catching on my hands when I was walking, and now that I'm sewing frequently (covid fabric face masks) I had a really hard time tolerating cheap headphones for hours at a time, and I couldn't play movies or videos loud enough to hear over the sewing machine, especially at night. It also meant I had to take the headphones out if I needed to move to grab things, because the cord isn't long enough to go around my sewing machine from my laptop and have pretty much any range of motion.The box these come in is surprisingly nice! It's a sliding box, so it's easy to open. I think I'm going to keep storing them in that box when I'm not using them for a while, so they're easier to find and protected. And the case itself is really nice, it's sturdy and doesn't feel cheap. I like that it's magnetized, so the earbuds easily click into place. It's a little hard to remove the first earbud, but the second comes out easier due to having a little extra space to get your fingers in the case.The earbuds themselves are nice. I've had some trouble with the touch controls (especially when I was trying to pick the right size for them, I had one in my ear and I was messing with the other one, and it kept pausing and playing lol) but I think that'll improve with a little practice. It's so nice to not have to worry about a cord!The sound seems good, but I think most would after using the ones that came with my phone since 2018.. I am hearing things I never heard in some songs before, which is really cool! Also, my volume is set as low as possible and it's still decently loud. I'm probably on the other side of the spectrum where I might prefer to be able to have it a little quieter (when I'm just sitting at my desk, without a sewing machine going)The noise cancellation seems decent (but it's not even a factor in why I purchased these), I'm wearing them now (still at lowest volume) and I can't really hear my keys clicking on my laptop as I type this. It definitely depends on the music you're listening to though. I tried classical music and I can hear the click of the keys, though it's still quieter than normal.Pausing the music, I can hear the clicks more, but it's still quieter than it would be without them in. I can hear a tiny bit of static with the music paused, but I can also hear electricity in outlets so that might just be me.It takes a little bit of twisting/wiggling to get the earbuds to settle correctly, but they feel pretty secure once they're in. I like that it comes with multiple sizes, 5 in the box and one already on the earbuds. I tried several, and I'm pretty sure I'm back with the size that was already on them (possibly the size smaller). I haven't gone running with them yet, so I'm not yet sure just how secure they are, but they don't feel like they'll fall out easily compared to my cheap headphones, and they're a little annoying because obviously I can feel them in my ears, but they definitely don't hurt to wear.I'm using a wireless charger right now. It didn't say what the light indicators on the case mean (in the manual), but it seems like the four white dots will all be solid when it's fully charged? Right now I have two solid, and one blinking. I'm a little concerned as the case is getting a bit hot from the wireless charger, but I've never used a wireless charger so maybe that's not abnormal.I'm very excited to be able to take walks in the rain! I absolutely love the rain, but with my old headphones, I was cautious with water because I don't think they're waterproof... It's really nice that the case is also waterproof, so I don't have to worry about damaging it if I bring it with me in the rain.I registered for the warranty, which says it's 18 months on the sticker that came in the box. I think I saw somewhere else that it was a 12 month warranty, so I'm hoping it's actually the 18 months it says in the box.I will say, the little robot voice that plays with these is so strange. I don't know if that's with all bluetooth headphones or just these, so I won't say it's a flaw in this product, but it does say things like 'headset is connected' and 'forward' when you skip a track.Something just happened - my cat came up to me and nuzzled my ear and paused my music with her nose! So these are definitely not cat-proof.I can't yet comment on battery life or how secure they really are during exercise yet, but I'll try to come back after I've had them for a few days/weeks.I'll update if anythng happens or changes, but right now everything seems good!!7.22.20 updateYou can use each individually, absolutely no problems! You don't have to worry about pairing each one. I took one out of the case and it immediately paired with my phone. Then, I took the other one and it also paired, and I put the first one back in the case to charge. Totally seamless and so easy to do! Helps me a ton for when I want to just use one, when I need to hear things around me but still want to listen to music/audiobooks. The only weird thing is when you grab the second one (like if you wanted to use both) it says primary or secondary in each one, which is annoying. I still don't appreciate that these talk to me (except saying on/off, but even that isn't necessary to me). But it's quick, so I guess it's not a big deal. If I'm listening to an audiobook or something, it's probably best to pause it for a few seconds though so you don't miss something.11.27.22They’re still going strong! I still use them every time I go for a long walk, and they’re holding up well. The frustrating thing is if I happen to take a few weeks without using them, I do have to charge them again, even if they were completely charged. When the case runs out of charge, they automatically pair with my phone/laptop, because they can’t tell they’re in the case, and that can be annoying. I still love them, though!!