First off, I havent had a chance to test all functionality yet. I am coming here in hopes of helping someone else out with their frustration.If you're nervous about dropping the money, do it. The app (if you let it) will track your usage. Get them, set an alert for a day or two before the return period is up. Try them out and then check your usage when the alarm goes off. If you need/use headphones I almost guarantee youre going to find these worth it.RE: Small headsYour head might not be too small. I realized after two days of use I was fitting them more like traditional headphones and they were siting on one or two lobes very slightly.When you fit, and while you get used to putting them on, I suggest:- lengthening the headand (as app suggests)- 'scooping' your ears lobes up and inside the pads rather than under them at all- then gently fitting headbandOnce I started doing this my fit issues nearly dissappeared(hair..). Biggest issue now is the band material is not grippy at all and I have very smooth/slick hair, so it wiggles a bit. If I troubleshoot around this I will update.Of note and Re:Sensitive TemplesThese do not need to be as secure over all (other than having the suction over the ears) as you will not want these to get wet, period. These are not designed for exercise or heavy movement. They are sufficiently set for walking around or hanging out, this protects you from losing suction without significant pressure on your temples and keeps these super light headphones EXTREMELY comfortable. Which for someone like me that gets migraines with nearly ANY temple pressure has been... life changing.The suction aspect for proper noise cancelation is fairly fundamental. It's an even bigger deal with these as they'll adjust sound and I could see if suction was lost at an inopportune moment it could be...uncomfortable.RE: HairY'all, your hair is going to need to be out of the way. I have already noticed that one or two small strands will absolutely affect the seal. I won't notice it immediately but when I move around or talk I'll notice a sound change (almost like a varying level of wubba womp like entering a tunnel or in elevation changes) and at the corresponding ear I'll find hair between my ear and headphones. If you experience this in one or both ears...check for anything preventing a seal! It's annoying to navigate but as with adjusting the fit as above the more I do it, the easier it is to do upfront/as second nature.The app is fairly easy to navigate but has a small learning curve, nothing atronimical. The only other app ive used for headphones was Jabra about 2 years ago. Theyve likely updated since but compared to the 2020 Jabra app..this app is night and day better in terms of navigation and ease of use.So far my only con has been switching between my TV and my phone. This could be me, I think this may just be a learning curve I havent yet had time to solve. What it was doing: Paired to both. Switched to phone to do some Duolingo. For some reason any adjustment i made unpaused my TV and swapped where the sound was coming from. When I re-paused my TV I'd have to reselect my phone..and then it would do this again. So for now Im just leaving the TV unpaired. I mostly dont need this anyway but thought it might be nice for my neighbors late at night.Summation without even talking about its sound quality, noise cancelation and other functions (which are amazing):These headphones are worth the price tag for the lack of weight on my temples ALONE. Everything else is icing on the cake.If something changes I will absolutely return here to update.