I have been looking for some good over the ear headphones and seen so many good reviews of these. I decided to try them out and these are some amazing head phones! I recently had to travel and ended up wearing them for 6 hours straight!Battery life: The battery was full and by the end of my travel it dropped to 85% so the battery life is outstanding.Noise cancellation: It was really good and didn’t create too much pressure while on. Even when the headphones were off it did an amazing job of damping outside noise. Ex: I was by a VERY loud construction site and once I put on the headphones (turned off) it almost dampened the noise completely.Ambient Mode: It’s nice, I will say that in some cases I didn’t really use it. For example if you are in a loud environment it will be extremely loud while on. Which makes sense as the point of AMB is to be aware of your surroundings but if you have sensory issues I would be mindful of it. When you do the quick ambient sound it’s really good and makes what you need to hear very clear. There is very little static noise but if you are listening closely it’s very faint.Comfort: These are so comfortable and lightweight. Part of the reason I was having difficulty choosing over the ear headphones was because many were too heavy for my liking but when I wore these I forgot I had them on. I only had to adjust them once when it hit closer to the 5 hour mark. There is very little discomfort. My only thing is being that they are so light it feels like they can slip off easily sometimes. When you have them laying on your neck it can be a little uncomfortable at least for me. They landed on my collarbones so there was just hard plastic hitting my collarbones over a bit of time. But that is just me nit picking.Few set backs: the storage of them is a little inconvenient or undesirable. I wish these could fold because the case is quite large and take ups a lot of space especially when you are traveling.Overall: I have really enjoyed the experience with these headphones! I would really recommend these to someone who has auditory sensitivity like myself because they check a lot of boxes! There are only a few things that I wasn’t a huge fan of but that was like I said me nit picking.A video that was very helpful in making this decision was by: This is Tech Today on YouTube, they really went in-depth of all the features while also comparing it to different nc/amb headphones!