I decided to buy 4 sets of Noise Cancelling headphones and then send back the 3 loser (with the intention of giving objective feedback).***My primary priorities were noise cancellation and comfort. My secondary priorities were sound quality and user friendliness. And finally style.The four headphones that I compared were...Bose 700’sSony WH1000XM4’sBose 350’sSony WH1000XM3’sIn short, I ended up keeping the Bose 700s (and that was an easy decision based on my priorities).I have a little bit of bigger head and found the 700s much more comfortable than any of the others...by far! My wife has a smaller head and she tried the 700s and found that they didn’t fit her head well and preferred the Sony XM4s. However I can wear the Bose 700s for multiple hours and they feel great!!!I found the noise Cancellation to be equal in quality with the Bose 700s and the Sony XM4s. But I found the Sony XM4s to create a slight uncomfortable noise/feeling. Some people could find this troubling but it wasn’t a big deal for me.I found the Bose 700s and Sony XM4s have slightly better ability for noise cancellation than the Bose 350s and the Sony XM 3’s. However the Bose 700’s allow me to push a button to 3 different noise cancelling settings which is kind of nice.When it comes to sound quality the Sony XM4’s win by a long shot. And if I were only going to wear these for a few hours I would probably have bought the Sony XM4s. However I tend to travel internationally on flights that are 8+ hours long and so the comfort was more significant than the sound quality because the Bose 700s are still very good in their sound quality and I can adjust the EQ to my preference.The final decision maker for me was the user friendliness. The Bose 700s were so easy to set up and use. (This is also why I prefer apple products...simplicity). I found the Sony’s to be much more complicated, confusing and the touch sensors to be a bit clumsy and less responsive. I also found the Bose 700’s very easy to quickly put away in their storage case (which is a nice hard case for travel).The Bose 350s were also very simple to use and the sound quality was decent. But their comfort and noise cancelling was lesser than the Sony XM4S and the Bose 700s.The Sony XM3s are once again better in sound quality and between the Sony XM3s and the Bose 350s I would go with the Sony XM3s. Both fit on my head similarly...so equally uncomfortable for long term wear (great for my wife with a smaller head but not me with a bigger head).Obviously I’m not considering price in any of these comparisons. Because comfort was a much bigger priority to me than price...I needed something that would be worn comfortably for multiple hours despite the cost. If you’re looking for cost effectiveness the Sony XM3s or Bose 350s are the way to go (so long as they fit your head like they do my wife’s)For perspective my head is 23 inches round. My wife’s head is 20 inches. Our ears are average/not big so our ears fit just fine in all of the headphones listed above.When it comes to style the Bose 700s are incredibly sleek and modern...very stylish...especially the grey ones (which is what I bought). We found the grey Bose 700’s and Bose 350’s are much better looking than the Sony XM4 or XM3s. In fact I found the black Sony’s the only color I’d consider. So if color is something you’re considering and you want something besides black then both sets of the Bose are the way to go. But the 700’s take it to a whole new stratosphere and my teenage daughter wants to wear them (but they’re not leaving my head and I don’t think they would fit her very well as she has a similar size head as my wife). If I were buying some for her, I’d buy the grey Bose 350’s.Finally all of these have relatively strong batteries. The Sony’s are probably better overall but the Bose 700’s charge quickly and I can easily get 20+ hours of listening out of them before needing to charge them. Fifteen minutes of charging will get me a few hours.Let me be clear, all 4 of these headphones are REALLY nice! And so you need to consider your priorities and then choose accordingly and I think you will then be happy with whatever route you go.