There are a lot of neat features to the backbone controller and as long as there is controller support for the game you’re playing, you can use the backbone. Let’s start with the capture button which includes screen and video capture at the click or hold of a button. They include a free iPhone 13/14 pro max adapter so that you can still fit the new phones in to the controller base without messing up your phone camera lens and the phone sits very securely in the middle of the controller arms. The design is sleek and the sizing for buttons and joysticks are superb in my opinion. I’ve had no issue with reach and accessibility to all buttons/joysticks and no issues with cramping like I do with my Xbox One controller. The weight and quality of the controller is really good, it’s not too heavy causing fatigue and it’s not too light where it might come across as cheap or easily breakable. The game play is great, and I have no lagging or latency issues. You can use it for mobile gaming, PS Remote play, Steam link and Xbox remote play. They even offer options for if you don’t have a console but I haven’t really looked into those so I cannot speak on them. It is easy to carry with me on the go, I got a little case for it and I just throw it in my backpack. Because of its compact size and collapsible, spring action middle bar it hardly takes up any space at all. I would say for the compatibility across multiple consoles for game play and the actual quality of the product itself the pricing is top notch, as a regular ps5 controller is $70 all by itself and has to be charged. The backbone barely draws any battery from your phone, and it never has to be charged so as long as your phone has battery your controller will work. That’s one of the reasons why I like it so much because I don’t have to worry about the last time I plugged my controller in to charge and I can take it with me everywhere. Now if you are running low on battery (because you’ve been playing for HOURS) they even included a pass through charging option so you can charge your phone without missing a beat. Lastly, there is also a 3.5mm jack on the backbone itself if you want to plug in a headset to talk to your friends and teammates.There is an app that you can download for the backbone, and it does have a paid subscription option for $39.99/year, but the subscription is not required to use the backbone itself. You do get firmware options with the app as well as button mapping and joystick calibration, factory reset and then system info on your backbone like the model and serial numbers and the version of firmware you are using. Now, you do HAVE to select the free trial to be able to use the app, but they make it really easy to cancel and even send you a reminder to cancel towards the end of your subscription plus, immediate in app instructions on how to cancel if you want to cancel right away. This really annoyed me at first but I bit the bullet and tried it anyway just so I could review it and... I freaking loved it so, I’m going to eat my crow, my original review was only 3 stars because of the app and the inability to use the app without selecting the free trial but it has loads of features including chat areas, adding friends, easy connection to Twitch, a place to hold your captures, an awesome support team in the help section and free 3 months of nitro for Discord(when I joined). So, I came back to update my review. I really have loved the backbone since I got it and I take it with me everywhere! The only feature I didn’t like was the app itself and now that I actually used it (instead of just being mad about a trial requirement) I really like it too. Great product all around at a really good price tag for what you’re getting.