First let’s talk about the product: The hardware is great! It doesn’t feel cheap, the buttons are clicky, and the sticks seem pretty durable. (I was initially worried about the sticks because of how small the posts for them are) I love the fact that I can charge while I play and there’s a headphone jack too, for those of you who aren’t using Bluetooth headphones!I can see a possible issue with it not fitting future generations of iPhones because of the limited space between the lightning connector and the back of the controller, but we buy new phones every year! Is it too much to ask us to buy a new backbone every 4-5 generations? I can also see an issue for some people with having to take your case off to use it but I have an iPhone 12 Pro Max with a Pitaka case and it’s thin enough to not have to remove it while I’m using the controller. (This is my 3rd Pitaka case, that’s a 5 star product as well) So if that’s a concern just get a thinner case and stop being so clumsy.The Backbone+ service: Also excellent! It feels like a console experience in the palm of my hand! As Apple Arcade grows and mobile gaming becomes more and more popular I only expect it to get better! There are too many features to list here, you can find them in the description.. A couple that I love though are the ability to find games that are compatible with the controller and filter them by which ones are Apple Arcade games and which ones are just apps for purchase. I also love that they’ve made it SUPER easy to request that the developers add controller support for the games that we love that don’t already have it. You can tell they’ve put a lot of thought into the design of the app. That doesn’t even include the ability to stream my PS5 games with an actual physical controller! It can be tough to stream but has always worked great while I’m home and adding a controller makes the experience 1000 times more enjoyable.Finally, the customer service: Top notch! These guys are the real deal! I missed out on a promotion for the Backbone+ service and didn’t realize it until a friend that also purchased the Backbone 1 pointed it out to me. I sent an email with picture evidence that I should have received the promotion and they responded quickly and gave me above and beyond the promotion! No questions, no fuss, just great customer service and WAY above expectations!I like to think that this team is like me and remembers what it was like to be a kid in the 90’s, going to stay at their grandparents house, and wishing they could bring their favorite game with them. They’ve designed a product that is really great at what it does and is blowing the mind of 10 year old me!