I have been working with a lightning adaptor into a Sony headset for some time when working in the office at my computer. I'm in IT support so being hands free is essential. The annoyances were:1) the headset was inline in the cable so didn't always face the right way.2) The lightning adapter and the headset cable were a bit weak so broke one lightning cable already and I suspect I now had a loose connection in the headset cable3) Walking around was a nightmare, the cable would snap on the height adjuster on my desk when I stood up, I'd get up forgetting it was on and drag my phone off the desk etc.I did a bit of research and this headset tended to get very good reviews so I bit the bullet.A) Its comfortable - It often feels a little loose and out of position but actually it never falls off and I can always hear clearly - I just need to get used to the fit and the fact it doesn't insert in the ear canal which is good as they tend to irritate after a while.B) The audio quality so far is perfect - It does have a slightly different sound to the phone itself but its sharp and clear and I never had problems hearing and people say I sound clear.C) The software on my iphone is great- I can check for firmware updates, change the language (for voice prompts etc) and select whether I want music to play through the earpiece or not so it has some good controls.D) The siri button is good - I can stop/start audio with a push, answer and disconnect or hold it to dial via Siri.I have only used it for half a day so far but its been great. I just put it on my ear and turn it on and I can walk around and carry on with my day and not have to rush and find my phone and then my headset and plug it all in. I'd constantly say to people "Just a second while I plug in my headset" and hear them continuing to jabber on. Its light, comfortable and doesn't irritate my ears at all and normal earbuds drive me crazy in a very short time.So really the only caveat is I haven't had it long enough to see how good the battery life is but its filling exactly the need I purchased it for. Time will tell as far as reliability goes.I've given 5 stars on everything as it reports 5 hours of talk time and so far I've spoken for about 24 minutes on the charge it shipped with and the remaining time is reported as I would expect. Even on my worst days I think I'd struggle to talk for more than 2 hours total.Ok - Been using it for quite a few days now so to update:1 - Its VERY fast to connect. Power it on and its connected to my Iphone 12 Mini in a second and ready to use with no delay for Audio. My car stereo takes about 5 seconds to boot and connect and then once connected its another few seconds before the audio starts.2 - I needed to play with the settings a little - Sometimes I'm with someone and a call comes in, normally I just hit the volume down button on my phone so it carries on ringing rather than actively rejecting the call - When I did this the other day the headset carried on talking in my ear and I ended up answering the call anyway - I realised it says "Answer or Ignore" and if I hit the headset button it answers or I can say answer - If I say ignore it rejects the call. You can turn that feature off in the app on the phone that controls the headset so I have to hit the button to answer so it won't interpret me carrying on talking as a request to answer. This is another good feature of this headset - The app gives good control of options and firmware updates. Some headsets are a nightmare or even impossible to update the firmware, this one is a breeze.