I've had this headset for more than a year and a half at this point and it's still working great so it seemed like time to write a review for it. I really never liked using BT earpieces in the past. I'd purchased two or three over the years which reviewed well and were time-tested favorites but none of them worked well for me for one reason or another so while I really *needed* one again, I wasn't expecting a whole lot. This earpiece however is the right one for me. The fit is great and the battery life is better than I would have ever expected. With as many recharge cycles as I've been through over the past 19 months, the full-charge battery life has dropped from 6 hours down to 5, but that's fair. I use it a lot and I'm a little OCD about recharging things I can recharge so the decreased battery life isn't a concern for me in any way. The fit of the headset was pretty decent out of the box, but I did ultimately go with an aftermarket kit to help dial the fit in a little better and I'm very happy that I did. Noise cancelation on this thing appears to be at least satisfactory. I've never had a complaint about ambient background noise which I expected to be the case, but I also get no complaints about wind noise, even in really lousy conditions. I use it outdoors regularly (my work has me outside a LOT) and it's both tamed wind noise to the point where I've never heard a complaint, but it's also held up in light rain and snow. I've never REALLY challenged it like in a hurricane or anything like that, but for the average person's noise concerns, expect no issues. I did purchase the charging case with it as well. I never used the decide without the charging case, so I can't really speak to how you'd do without buying it, but the case does a FANTASTIC job of keeping the battery topped off and does a great job of protecting the earpiece when it's in my backpack. The only issue there is that I wish the case wasn't rubberized as it's a little difficult to get in and out of my pocket at times, but this review isn't about the case anyway - just letting you know.Overall, this purchase has worked out really well and I hope that this model is still available if and when I need to replace the one I've got. After all this time and all I've used it though, there's no room for any complaints!