The Sony WF-1000MX4s are Sony's latest ‘true wireless’ (TWS) earphones meaning that each earpiece is completely separate and not connected by wires. The WF-1000MX4s behave like ‘typical’ TWS earphones and are stored in a charging case between uses which carries enough juice to charge the earphones several times over. Sony's previous TWS earphones were the acclaimed WF-1000MX3s that I really enjoyed so I was really excited when the WF-1000MX4s came out. I’ve spent several weeks listening to and testing the WF-1000MX4s and here are my thoughts.- Sound: I’m pleased to report that the WF-1000MX4s sound excellent, albeit with a caveat. They offer excellent detail and good imaging for a pair of earphones. Instruments come through clear and there’s a good degree of separation. The earphones also support the highest quality codecs available on Android and iOS (LDAC and AAC, respectively), which means that Bluetooth compression should have as little impact on sound quality as is currently feasible. Indeed, in my tests I couldn’t tell the difference in sound quality between the LDAC-connected WF-1000MX4s and a good pair of wired earphones plugged into a LDAC-connected Bluetooth amp. However, despite all the technical aspects of these earphones working so well, the tuning ends up being a bit of a let down. The default tuning on these earphones is very bass-heavy. While some might enjoy this, it’s definitely not a natural or balanced sound and lacks treble. The good news is that the default tuning is a good middle ground for accommodating a variety of media. I found that I could still enjoy listening to music with it and it removed a lot of harshness from some of the less well-produced podcasts I listen to. The lack of treble also made the earphones non-fatiguing and allowed me to listen for hours on end without issue. For most people I think it will be just fine. However, in my case I ended up preferring to use the equalizer included in Sony's headphones app for listening to music for long periods. I found the ‘treble boost' to be the best for me. It should be noted that the EQ setting is remembered by the earphones so it will carry over even if you connect them to a computer or digital audio player that doesn’t have the app. It’s annoying to have to jump through these hoops but I think that ultimately people who care about the tuning will appreciate the customization, while people who don’t won’t be bothered by the overly-bassy default presentation. With this caveat aside, the WF-1000MX4s sound excellent.- Noise Canceling (NC): the active NC on these earphones is class-leading and re-enforced by a couple of tricks that Sony has implemented. The NC can’t match up to the NC on a full size pair of headphones and doesn’t block quite as much as wired Bluetooth earphones (e.g. Sony's own WI-1000MX models). However, it’s not too far off. It’s also noticeably better than the NC that other TWS earphones in the $100-$200 range come equipped with and certainly a step up from what the WF-1000MX3 offered. This level of NC will allow you to comfortably listen to the earphones in an environment where there are high levels of constant background noise (background office chatter, fans whirring, train noise, etc.) In my experience this means that any background noise is still audible with music turned off but becomes unnoticeable when listening to music. What the NC won’t do is block out variable external noise (e.g. someone having a conversation next to you). However, Sony did improve the passive noise isolation with this model by including hybrid foam tips that are noticeably better at blocking out external noise than the tips supplied with previous Sony earphones. Additionally, turning on NC does increase the bass somewhat, which helps mask low frequency sounds. The combination of improved NC, improved passive isolation, and noise masking, makes these earphones excellent at blocking out external noise.- Controls: Sony opts for a simple, but effective control scheme on the WF-1000MX4s. The earpieces are controlled by tapping/pressing the outside of the earphones. The exact function of the taps/presses on each earpiece can be set in Sony's companion app for the earphones. While the functions aren’t completely customizable (you get to assign pre-programmed sets of functions to each earpiece) I had no issue getting the earphones set up with a control scheme that made sense to me. The touch sensor is in the center of the housing at the peak of the subtle mound. It’s also fairly large, which makes it hard to miss. That said, there’s no obvious indicator of where the touch sensitive area begins and ends so I did find that I had to consciously aim for the center of the earpiece to make sure my commands registered. All in all this means that it’s generally easy to control the buds, but there might still be a brief adjustment period.- Ergonomics: these are large earphones that surprised me by being a lot more comfortable than I first thought they would be. While the large size wouldn’t have been surprising a few years ago, the recent trend towards smaller and smaller TWS earphones means the WF-1000MX4s are definitely outliers. They’re smaller than the WF-1000MX3s (though that’s not saying much) but the more compact design makes them feel a lot smaller by comparison than they actually are. When worn, the body of these earphones sits above the concha bowl, held in place by the firm fit of the nozzle in the ear canal. This means that the earphones protrude outwards more than they need to. However, by minimizing the number of points of contact with the outer ear they offer a fit that is incredibly comfortable and is likely to be acceptable to a wide range of ear shapes. So, although the earphones are large and do protrude more than a typical pair of TWS earphones, the design makes the fit incredibly comfortable.- Other features: the ambient sound feature (pass-through of external audio) on Sony earphones is still the best there is. This feature is now relatively common on TWS earphones but Sony's execution is still much better than most of the competition. What sets Sony's implementation apart is that it feels and sounds quite natural. There is no significant background hissing or exaggerated amplification of low level noise. Instead, this is something you can leave on an forget about. I find this really useful for any situation where I need to be aware of my surroundings but still want to listen to music (e.g. while exercising). You can also activate this feature temporarily by pressing and holding one of the earpieces. You can also have this feature activate automatically when talking, but I found that it was either under- or over-sensitive and never quite struck the sweet spot needed for it to be useful. There are other features (e.g. 360 Reality Audio) but I think ambient sound is the one most people will actually use and it is a feature that Sony happens to do better than the competition.- Accessories: The accessories are a little disappointing. While the case is much smaller than the previous WF-1000MX3 case, it is still larger than the typical TWS earphone. Sony also included new foam hybrid tips with this new model that isolate better. However, only 3 sizes of tips are included and the largest are just a touch smaller than I would like. It’s a little disappointing that Sony skimped on accessories here. Fortunately the nozzle is identical to the WF-1000MX3 so the older Sony tips fit just fine, as do a range of replacement options. I personally recommend Comply's TrueGrip Pro for Sony true wireless, which allowed me to get a really firm seal that took the comfort up a level. Overall the case is fine and the lack of tip options is a definite misstep, but one that is readily rectified.- Other: the mic works just fine for calls. Battery life is as advertised. Everything that needs to work does indeed work. While I have seen some reports of intermittent connectivity issues I had no such problems myself.Taking all of these aspects into account, I rate the WF-1000MX4s 5/5 and would argue they are the best TWS earphone on the market. The fact that they are the first TWS earphones to support the LDAC codec means that it shouldn’t be possible for any other TWS earphones to beat them for sound quality on an Android-based operating system. From my listening to them I definitely did find this to be the case. I am disappointed in the default tuning of the earphones and the dearth of included tips, but I don’t think most people will care that much. I think people who do care (like myself) will probably enjoy the included EQ within the app and will already have spare tips they can readily swap out for. Either way, neither of these complaints are enough to drop the WF-1000MX4s down from a 5/5 rating – they are simply the best TWS earphones I’ve ever listened to and one of the best earphones (of all categories) I’ve ever tried.