I have a HP laptop with speakers that are less than desirable. Compound this with a lifetime of audio problems, (hard of hearing), and the speakers are pretty much useless. A set of cheap computer/desktop speakers were purchased with good results as they had a separate volume control plus a jack for headphones/earbuds. Having a small desk, It was getting crowded between the laptop, the speakers and the desk light, compounded by the fact that the whole set up is against a wall that goes out to a common hallway. This restricts my volume as I don't need to have anyone hearing what I'm doing while I am online. Thus the purchase of these headphones.I chose headphones over earbuds as my ears easily get irritated when something is inserted. My main concern was two fold. The first is I have a large head, (size 7 5/8) and past ear protection devices have been pretty much uncomfortable both against the ears and overall. The second is perspiration as sweat build up occurs after extended wear. Being quite a while since I wore headphones, (2012) I did note an improvement but was still a bit gun shy.To be honest, these were not my first choice. I initially saw a set of DJ headphones with a 9' cord which appealed to me for freedom of movement. For whatever reason, these were ordered instead.These headphones came 4 days after ordering through standard, free shipping. Arriving in a soft pack with a bubble lining, the headphones were in a box enclosed within a sleeve. This made unwrapping a bit of a challenge as I wanted to save the box in case of return. Finally gaining entry, the headphones were in a bubble wrapped bag and two sets of wiring were enclosed within another. It was then I realized my error. Throwing caution to the wind, I took them out and read the enclosed the multi language manual. This was helpful as it was discovered that the ear pieces work somewhat like a person's neck. One side rotating 90 degrees counter clockwise and the other 90 degrees clockwise. Both tilted both up and down and both have extenders to adjust to the wearer. Also noted was the padding. Both ear pieces had generous padding as well as the top of the head set. It was nice to note that both sides of the ear pieces had outlets to accomodate the speaker wires. This makes it easier to plug the side in from the source thus avoiding crossover.Two sets of wires came. The first was a red, stretchable cord with a 6.5mm plug for items like guitars and speakers on one end and a 3mm plug for the head set. The cord is 2m long but can be stretched to 3m. The second cord is a 1.2m standard cord with 3mm plugs on both ends. There is also a "control" button should the wearer have the headphones plugged into a phone.Assembling the pieces, I plugged the 3mm into the cheap speakers and ran a gauntlet of various apps from music to gaming. WOW! WOW! WOW! A full, rich, clear sound was experienced through both earpieces despite the plug being on the right side. Every sound was heard, no matter how subtle. I did note, however, it was a bit "bassy" for my preference, but I was completely overwhelmed by the sound quality. Wondering if maybe the speakers may have some influence, I plugged the headset directly into the laptop. NOPE! No change in quality and I gained a little more cord in the process.After playing for about two to three hours, It was pleasantly noted that the only time it was noted the headset was on was when I reached up to my head to scratch. Very lightweight, snug, yet comfortable even with glasses. No sweat experienced. No discomfort against the ears or atop the head. The cheap speakers were then moved and attached to another device that also had less than desirable speakers. It is unknown about the noise cancellation as the residence is pretty quiet with the exception of others going up and downstairs as well as the upstairs resident. Time will tell.These are definately a keeper. Even though I have owned these less than a day, I am totally impressed with the looks, feel, and performance of these headphones. Definately a keeper and highly recommended!!!!04/29/2019 update. These have almost constantly on my head and I have made a couple observations. 1. Despite being "full" ear headphones, they are not sound blocking. On a couple of occasions, I have been hearing knocking on my door as well as the phone ringing and someone talking, even though I couldn't understand what was spoken. Both have originated about 20 feet away. 2. the head band has a tendency to slide forward towards the forehead. I haven't figured out why yet and will post when I do. Right now I am testing a couple of theories.