There are so many products from TOZO, it was difficult to choose the "best." I purchased the NC9 model and was impressed. But the T12 and other models' specs and features seemed so tempting! Are the NC9 really the best? I reached out to the company, but didn't get a clear answer.So, I decided to test. I purchased the NC9 Pro and the T12 Pro. I only purchased the TOZO products with the largest driver diameter because I want to hear deep bass when listening to music. I also like to listen to music in bed; earbuds which will not fall out or be uncomfortable when placing my ear on a pillow are a must. Here are the differences I noted, and my recommendations.THE "TOZO SOUND" MOBILE APPWhich TOZO devices are compatible with the TOZO Sound app?- The TOZO Sound app is currently compatible with models T6S, T10S, NC2 Pro, NC7 Pro, NC9 Pro and NC9 Pro Max.- The NC9 Pro Max model doesn't appear to be available as of this writing.- From the products I tested, only the NC9 Pro works with the app.- The T12 Pro and NC9 are not recognized by the app.The TOZO Sound mobile app main features:- Equalizer that actually works- Programmable earbud button controls- More noise canceling options, including custom mode(must use app to set - extra modes don't cycle when pressing the earbuds button).PHYSICAL DIFFERENCESThe NC9 and NC9 Pro are essentially the same, except:- The NC9 Pro has updated voice/sound feedback and seems to respond a little faster.- The NC9 Pro works with the TOZO Sound mobile app.- Slight cosmetic differences (more below).- Both the NC9 and NC9 Pro models feature active noise canceling and transparent mode.The T12 Pro earbuds and charger feature a different design.- The overall size is about the same as the NC9/NC9 Pro, but more round.- The earbuds are designed to fit a little deeper in the ear canal.- The T12 Pro features a larger "power bank" charging case with detailed battery stats.- The T12 Pro does not feature any noise canceling or transparent modes.MINOR DIFFERENCES- The NC9 Pro earbuds have "TOZO" printed on the outside and "L" and "R" printed on the inside.- The NC9 earbuds have "L" and "R" printed on the outside, TOZO on the inside.- The T12 Pro has detailed charger and earbud battery stats.- The NC9 and NC9 Pro have simple indicator lights.- The NC9 Pro charging case lights blink faster than the NC9 when the case is charging.- The NC9 pairs once you take the earbuds out of the charging case.- The NC9 Pro and T12 Pro will pair as soon as you open the charging case lid.SOUND QUALITY DIFFERENCEST12 Pro- The T12 Pro earbuds feature the deepest bass, though it's only a little more than the NC9/NC9 Pro.- They seem to be factory-tuned for big bass with slightly muted mid and higher frequencies.NC9/NC9 Pro- The NC9 and NC9 Pro are factory-tuned with louder, clear vocals and highs, and still have rich bass.NC9 Pro Advantage "Cheat Mode"- With the TOZO Sound app "Bass +" equalizer setting, the NC9 Pro can be tuned to produce as much bass as the T12 Pro,- All while keeping the clear vocals and highs.ACTIVE NOISE CANCELING & TRANSPARENT MODE - WHAT TO EXPECTIt is my opinion that the active noise canceling and "transparent mode" features in the NC9/NC9 Pro are just too good to pass up. However, they don't block ALL sounds. Here's what to expect.Active Noise Canceling:- Works great for erasing continuous "white noise" from wind, airplanes, cars, fans, machinery, etc.- Really erases most white noise. Airplane noise gone. Car noise gone. Yes, that too.- Doesn't block all shorter or sharp sounds.- Doesn't block all rain noise.- You'll still hear muffled sounds of people talking, dogs barking, etc.- You'll still hear some white noise if wearing earbud seals too small for your ear.Transparent Mode:- Great for hearing people talking, airlines announcements, etc. while wearing earbuds.- Depending on the volume, you may need to pause your music to clearly hear outside noise.- Also amplifies white noise; it may not be so great to use this mode all the time.ANC Off - Standard Mode:- Still blocks some sounds, but doesn't block white noise.- You'll hear muffled sounds of people talking, dogs barking, etc.- NC9/NC9 Pro earbud batteries really last over 10 hours when using this mode (about 30% volume).- Perfect in a quieter environment when you don't have to pay attention to others talking.RECOMMENDATIONS - TL;DRPlease keep in mind: all of these TOZO models sound great. If you're used to laptop speakers or the tiny, wired earbuds included with your mobile device, you'll likely be amazed at the sound quality difference.NC9 Pro: In my opinion, the NC9 Pro provides the best choice of features in regards to app-adjustable sound and noise cancelation. If you love these features, don't need the power bank charger feature of the T12 Pro, and don't mind the higher price, the NC9 Pro may be your best choice.NC9: The NC9 model sounds great and works well. To be honest, I often set my NC9 Pro equalizer feature to flat/standard because "bass +" is just too much bass. So, my NC9 sounds the same as my NC9 Pro. Considering the lower price point, the NC9 is very tempting.T12 Pro: If you must have the power bank charger feature, and the noise canceling or app features don't appeal to you, the T12 may be for you. Still, may I recommend the NC9?T12: In my opinion, this model doesn't offer any advantages over the NC9 (no power bank charger). Buy the NC9 instead.MISC NOTES - PROS/CONS- In all models I tested, the microphones pick up loud outside noise (i.e. airports arrivals area), which makes it difficult to use for calling (your friend can't hear you). They work well in quieter environments.- I have smaller ears. I found the NC9/NC9 Pro earbuds fit better and were more comfortable than the T12 earbuds, especially when placing my ear on a pillow. Even though they're similar in size, the T12 earbuds seem to stick out of my ears more. They may work better for people with larger ears.- The earbud buttons on all models are very sensitive. They'll trigger if you accidentally touch them with your arm, hand, etc.- When skipping tracks, I've found it's easier to just lightly double-tap the earbud button with the palm of my hand, or even my arm, than to try to locate it with a finger.I hope this review has been helpful!