I have AirPod Pros, but they do not work well with Windows computers and VMWare, so I cannot use them for work. So, I have been trying out tons of wireless headsets and earbuds. Honestly, most of them are super expensive and horrible in one way or another. So, at $60 and promising features similar to my AirPod Pros, I was pretty skeptical, but took the plunge.Pairing and Bluetooth ConnectivityFirst off, you can use just one earbud if you want. And pairing both earbuds with one another is seamless, and in some cases better than AirPods. Even though I have had these for 2 days,I have been using them almost non-stop minus sleep. I am always listening to music or on calls for work. I use an IP Phone on my computer, and I have had no issues with the Bluetooth connection dropping.However, Bluetooth range isn't that great. I can talk maybe 15ft away from my computer before I start getting connectivity issues. No only that, but the connection will bounce between earbuds as well, making them mostly unusable. So, my advice to anyone using these is to make sure you don't need to venture far from your connected device. As a note, I did try pairing this with my iPhone and a MacBook and both had the same issue.Sound QualityI am breaking this into 2 categories: Phone calls and Music.For phone or audio calls, the earbuds are pretty clear, but not perfect. I typically need to turn off transparency mode. Thankfully, it's super easy with 2 taps on the left earbud. I do NOT recommend using these for phone calls if you are just using 1 earbud.For music, it's exactly what I expected from $50 earbuds. Music is clear, and surprisingly, a lot better than audio from phone calls, which is confusing. However, if you want good bass and super clear sound, these are not for you. But these are way better than any other in-ear buds I have tried. They actually are almost as good as regular AirPods. They definitely don't compare to the Pros though.I really love how well they can switch between audio from apps, although that is more OS-specific (Windows, iOS and MacOS all had the same result). Although, I did have to unpair these from my other devices, because I would get all sorts of device switching, which was really bad when I was in an important meeting.Battery Life8 hours of battery life is definitely not accurate. So far I have not gotten more than 6 hours. I was afraid of even getting 2 hours initially because the first 20% seems to drain really quick, then it slows down. Charging is super quick though, which is very convenient.Fit and Comfort and WorkoutsThese earbuds come with a few extra sizes for tips. I have pretty standard ears, so the tips that come out of the box fit perfectly for me. Also, the earbuds fit really well. I tried doing a HIIT workout and a yoga session and they stayed in my ears just fine, although once they start getting sweaty, they definitely start losing their snug fit and I did have readjust a couple times towards the end of my workout.Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) and Transparency ModeFirst off, Active Noise Cancellation, or ANC. I am floored at how good the ANC is at this price point. They are better than all of the top-of-the-line headsets I tried, including Logitech, Jabra, and Plantronics. Yes, it still picks up background noise and if you have kids yelling, a loud TV, or someone else is talking nearby, it will definitely pick up this noise to a certain extent, but it's not super loud either for the listener on the other end.Transparency mode at this price point usually is garbage for other headsets and bugs I have tried. Even though this is nowhere near as good as AirPod Pros, it's pretty amazing. To be clear, it does a good job at tuning out noises around you, NOT in front of you. For example, I could not hear one of my cats meowing loudly or my wife while she was on a work call. However, I could lightly hear my computer fan when it kicked on, as well as my keyboard clicks (keyboard has loud buttons). If I turned to look at my meowing cat, I could then lightly hear him meowing. But this is typically how most non-transparency mode works. In regards to Transparency mode being on, it's really good. Something you need to keep in mind though it any "bone" noises will be heard no matter what. So, if you are chewing something, it's going to sound super loud because you are using in-ear earbuds and the bone noise is amplified. So, ignore that, since it doesn't apply. What's important is that I can easily have a conversations with someone without needing to remove the earbuds, which is key for transparency mode. Again, not as good as my AirPod Pros, but it works and at this price point, there really isn't any decent competition, or at least from my testing.OverallTo wrap it up, I love these earbuds and that they work perfectly with Windows and VMWare, which my AirPod Pros could not do. I will definitely be using these going forward for work.