So here is an initial Day 1 review.I started with the Galaxy Buds+ and was "generally" happy. The sound quality was excellent, the volume decent, the phone calls were acceptable and the fit was comfortable and stayed in place (for about 30 minutes) My biggest problem was the "wings." They helped the buds stay in place but due to the design, they tended to rotate since they were only being aligned by a tiny plastic nub. And once the wings rotated the fit was horrible.So I eventually upgraded to the Galaxy Buds 2. These also sounded very good, better in fact than the Galaxy Buds+. The calls and audio volume were similar, so perfectly functional. But now I had noise cancelling and a brand new form factor! The noise cancelling worked great for my needs. I'm not flying all over the country, but they nicely limited the white noise of public spaces. Unfortunately the fit was even worse. The Galaxy Buds 2 were slightly oblong in comparison to the Buds+, which I believed would be the answer to the "wandering wings" and finally give me the stable fit I'd been looking for. Alas, this was not the case. The only way the buds would stay in my ear is from a friction fit of the cushions in my ear canal. Not comfortable! And if I spoke or chewed food, it was only a matter of seconds before they had worked themselves loose. In every way except fit, the Galaxy Buds 2 were a definite upgrade.Now we arrive at the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro. I have had them for about 5 hours and here are my initial impressions:- Getting them in the right orientation took me some time (probably because I'd been historically wearing ear buds goofy just to try to get them to stay in my ear.)- Once I had the ear buds in correctly, the fit was surprisingly comfortable and "light" feeling. At first I questioned whether they were positioned properly (the ambient noise being on also added to the idea.) When I turned off the ambient noise I realized how well the buds were fitting.- Chewing and speaking did not disrupt the fit at all!- The ANC worked as expected.- The sound was EXCELLENT in comparison to the previous Buds+ and Buds 2. I found the Buds 2 Pro to be louder, crisper and punchier than the previous earbuds.That's it for now. I'm cautiously optimistic about my purchase and I will follow up in a few weeks with more review. Moving forward I'll be focusing on how easy/hard it will be to quickly position the buds in and how much I end up "messing with them" while wearing them.