Edited 1/6/23 Well after a week I'm not so thrilled with these. Volume issues have me wondering if something is wrong with them and after I listened to a bunch of music compared to my OnePlus Buds Pro the OP are definitely better for me. I'll miss the Sammies fit but that's not enough to deal with the other issues.Original review:I've been an audiophile most of my life and rarely am I immediately blown away by a single product. Sound quality is always the first and most important aspect of my listening pleasure. All the other features like noise cancelling are a distance second but if I get some of them well that's cool too and a bonus. I've owned and listened to multiple home AVR systems, headphones, TWS earbuds, Bluetooth speakers and the like. I've owned earbuds from OnePlus, Shure, Earfun, 1More, SoundCore, Cambridge Audio, Jabra, Monoprice and a few others so yeah, I love my music. I currently own the Liberty 3 Pro, OnePlus Buds Pro, Earfun Free Pro and now have added the Galaxy Buds 2 Pro. I've also listened to most of the top end products from Sony, Bose, Apple JVC, Jabra and a few others so I feel comfortable telling you the Buds 2 Pro outperform them all in sound quality. But there's a catch here, you must have a proper set of eartips to maximize your experience.The depth, balance, clarity, soundstage, and overall performance with these buds is mind-blowing. I expected great sound reading through dozens of reviews and man I got it in spades. The touch controls are easy to activate, the buds fit my ears like a glove, they're tiny (how the hell Samsung pulled great sound from them I don't know) and have an app for some customization.The only quibbles I have with them are limited customization from the app, inefficiency with the app at times and features that only certain Galaxy devices can benefit from. Do they sound great on calls, is noise cancelling effective and adjustable, will the case fit in my pocket are all questions I can't answer because frankly I could care less about all that with these bad boys.Bottom line if you are reading this review and are on the fence about buying these, order them, now! You will not be disappointed.