*I do not/did not receive any kind of gift card or discount for doing a good review. If you read any of my past reviews I don't jack around with that. This review is 100% my own non biased opinion.*Just like the title says. These were my 4th attempt at some BT ear buds and I was ready to give up until these.All the previous BT ear buds around this price range were pure rubbish. Most had major connectivity issues in the sense that the signal would drop out if it basically was not in direct sight of my or even my girlfriends phones. They also would randomly try to pair with other BT devices. Just a host of bad experiences. Also, it makes it really tough these days to trust any reviews because they all try to game the system with gift cards or refunds if you remove a bad review.My overall rating on these would be 4.5 stars as they are not perfect, but for the price and how well they perform I bumped them up to 5.- Audio Nerd Stuff:The sound of these is on par for their price range.. They do sound "good" to almost "great" but lets not get carried away. They are dang good for the price range. They do bass but that's the one part I am having trouble getting dialed in. Instead of the sub 100hz hitting really good like some of the sony headphones, these are more tuned for that upper mid bass. They are heavier in the 100-250hz zone which is tough to try to EQ correctly. I spent a good while trying to tune 100-250hz down while keeping sub 100hz good but found it difficult. Not sure why but these head phones love that upper mid bass vs sub bass. No big deal though. The high's and mids are flat but don't read that in a bad way. Flat is pretty good. When companies start cranking high's or other dynamic ranges it tends to wash out the actual music. Again for the price, these are good to great headphones. No complaints. Oh yeah the stereo separation on this was actually damn good! I always felt BT audio didn't do that well. These do.- Fit:Well of course this is relative, but for me they did well. I'd say the fit for me is 4 out of 5 stars. I wore them on a 100mi bike ride and I only had to kind of secure or push them back in deeper a few times due more to sweat than fit. They were comfy for the 5.5hrs I was on the bike- Signal:This is where they are a freaking home run for me. NOT ONCE in that 100mi did I ever drop a signal. I was blown away. With all the previous BT earbuds I have tried all of them would drop a signal from really bad like every 5 seconds to like a couple times an hour. Not these! Not one time did they cut out or drop the signal.- ANC:Active Noise Cancelling. Well there is no special like technology that cancels noise on these.. Dumbest marketing term that is blown out of proportion these days. They are buds that go in your ears...That's the noise cancelling part.- Transparency Mode:They are marketing this as if it something ground breaking. You enable this mode and it's literally just a band pass filter that gets in enabled. All this mode does it basically cut all the bass off via band pass filter . Kind of dumb but whatever.- Charging Case:It's smaller than most and usb C. Not much more to say. Magnets pull it down.. It's awesome and I appreciate the smaller size case compared to others I have tried.- Touch control:Worked very well compared to previous BT ear buds I've tried. Lots of times it's really hard to tape the ear bud in the right spot to skip a track or whatever, but with these I found it very easy.- Mic:I have not tried or used this for a call yet.- Battery Life:So far it's been great. I did that 5.5hrs bike ride and they lasted the whole ride. I do understand all these companies claim bold statements on battery life and typically you are lucky to get half of what they claim. However, these made it 5.5hrs. It remains to be seen how long this will last for.. That's another common theme you see with BT ear buds is they work great at first then get bad quick.. Like in a month.- Wireless Charging.I had to set the case like dead center on my wireless charger to work but it does work. I have to do that with my phone too so no points off there.So that's basically it. I mean there's other non relevant stuff like the packaging it came in was nicer than others, but that doesn't matter.I will buy more products from this company in the future. I am finally happy.