I got this 128 GIG card to use with my new 2017 Kindle Fire 8 inch Tablet. So far it has worked perfectly with my tablet and it has automatically installed all of my Kindle books, all of my Audible books and many of my apps onto the SD card. Please make sure that your Kindle tablet is properly setup to use the SD card for storage. Those settings are seen by swiping down on the Kindle screen, touching storage and looking at the slide switch settings on the lower part of the screen. Turn all of the slide switches to the ON position which is to the right. I show that setup page in an attached photo.I do want to point out that while this SD card has worked perfectly, not all of your apps will transfer to the SD card. I had about 17 that would not go onto the SD card and they consumed an amazing 12 GB of my device’s internal memory. I simply wound up deleting those apps once I played the game. This is not the fault of the Kindle tablet or the SD card but a problem with the way the application is written. Several of the apps were over 1 GIG in size.This card has worked well and I simply plugged it into my tablet. I told the tablet to erase the SD card to make sure that it was empty and I simply downloaded my items from Amazon. They were automatically installed onto the SD card. I used 50 GIG of SD card memory for 1180 books, 106 large apps and 42 Audible books.I own about 100 SD cards and I always do a speed test to verify the reading and writing speeds before I install the memory. I particularly did this on this card as the web page and the packaging do not list the speeds which is very unusual. The card checked out OK but it is not the fastest SanDisk class 10 card I have ever tested. The fastest write speed on this card was 45.886 MB/Sec and the fastest reading speed was 47.426 MB/Sec. I have attached the graphical test data for your information. I used a USB 3.0 port with a USB 3.0 card reader for the test. I have tested SanDisk Ultra cards that were twice as fast as this one.Overall, this card worked well and I rated it five stars. If I have any future issues I will update my review.