I didn't get this for X-Mas and Santa Claus did not deliver one to me. However, this is an amazing item that would be just as great as something I would imagine to be delivered directly by Santa Claus! It's expensive, but I feel like the build quality is there as long as I take care of it. I prefer the dual ear pads for business usage instead of those other models with just one ear pad. The weight of the entire headset is pretty light, maybe not as light as a single-sided ear pad headset but it's not heavy compared to one of those serious music over-the-ear style headphones. I would not wear this to the gym to workout, because I feel these might not hold tight enough against the head while you jog on the treadmill.Was able to connect the headset to both my PC and iPhone, however, I initially had trouble finding a way to switch between the two devices. I contacted their support team by phone and was able to get a hold of a team member. He explained that the company is still working on the latest version of the software. He advised that I download version 1.0 from and install that instead. Once I installed it, I was able to navigate to the "Bluetooth" section to Disconnect or Connect the device depending on what I wanted. It's a decent workaround while they work on the existing latest version of the software for iOS Bluetooth and PC USB connectivity.Battery life has been pretty fantastic so far, but I have used it only for a few days. Today was not too busy for me so I spoke using the headphones for a couple hours only. Left it uncharged all day (10+ hours) and when I pressed on the button to check battery life the digital voice said, "battery full". Not sure if this power status is true or not, but I guess I could leave it unplugged for a couple days to test? I'll leave it unplug for another day or so and if it still does not drain any batter then the digital voice status generated by the headset might be wrong.The headset feels comfortable wearing it for several hours at a time. I do feel a little warm around the ears after two hours straight, but nothing major (expected). It's a work headphone so I have not tested music or game. I have Sony headphones for those other types of activities.The mic is pretty awesome, it is clear and people have no issues hearing me. The background noise is held to a minimum. The boom mic is slick and swivels up and down, and you can wear it either side of the ear. It has a magnet that clamps to the top of the headset if you are not using it. SUPPOSEDLY you can mute the mic if you swivel the mic boom to the top....? I haven't tested it, but I don't care. It would be a bonus, but not important to me. I mute the mic by software or by pressing on the "down" volume button on the headset for a 1 or 2 seconds. The mute button on the headset works when you are on an active call, but it does not seem to mute if there is no active call going on.The busy light signal on the side where the mic boom is located turns on occasionally? I thought it only worked with Bluetooth, but one time I saw it light up when I just completed a call from PC USB connection to my VOIP system. Not sure why it was lit up, but I disabled it because it feels a bit gimmicky. I don't expect people to actually "know" that I'm on the call just by seeing the red circle light up. It's not bad though, I don't have any negative opinions about it.The USB to Micro USB cable that comes with it is long enough for me to connect and use with my PC. It's not super lengthy (slightly under 5 feet, between 1.2 to 1.5 meters?), but good enough to be used while you are sitting close to your laptop. Just do not expect that you can walk around your desk with the USB cable attached.One feature request would be to be able to view the battery charge percentage from Jabra Direct software? That would be nice if the headset's digital voice status is not accurate.Overall, I believe this device is expensive but it does seem to be of high quality material. The sound quality is excellent as far as conversation goes. The ease of connectivity is fantastic. The mute is easy to activate compared to other generic headsets. Highly recommended!Update (8/05/2019): I am giving this product a 4 stars instead of 5, because I just found out that the headset was down to 5% battery this morning. The software popped up a notification, but when I pressed the button on the right side of the headset the digital voice stated "battery full". I do not agree to be mislead on this information, so minus one star of an otherwise great product. It is still a recommended product, but I hope the battery does not short out in the near future.