I have only ever used the original AirPods design since they came out. I enjoy how they can sit in my ears without causing them to hurt after prolonged listening. But they let in many sounds, and it's not worth using outdoors or in noisy conditions like a college dorm.So that is when I looked at Sony's LinkBuds S. They were on sale for around $148 at the time of purchase in August, and I sprung for the deal!The noise canceling is pretty decent; it's my first experience with ANC, but I was slightly underwhelmed. But I don't expect every sound to disappear at this price point.The Buds' sound is excellent and crisp. I personally noticed a little less bass when listening to music. Still, I downloaded the Sony app and tweaked the EQ settings to my style.When purchasing these, I was tempted to wait for AirPods Pro 2, but I needed something relatively new for college.The right side Bud does hurt my ear; I think it is because my right ear may be shaped differently. Not sure. I kind of ignore the uncomfortable feeling. I had another set of cheap silicone-tipped earbuds, and they did the same thing in my right ear, so I think this discomfort is just for me or other people with different shaped ears. And yes, I did try different silicone ear tips, but it didn't work. I might have to experiment with that a little more.The case and buds look very cool, especially with the mate feeling, unlike the AirPods case, which is slippery and scratches easily. I think you do not need an exterior case for the case, as it will barely show wear and tear.I'm very surprised by Sony's packaging. They created a box to use the space as much as possible. Very little to no plastic use, very cool, in my opinion. They are doing more than Apple or Samsung in the " Eco-Friendly " department in this technology era.Battery life is excellent, although I don't use them for that long anyways at a time. I don't walk everywhere with earbuds in my ears.Overall, I recommend these buds for people who may go between "ecosystems" like windows, iOS, etc. These buds can be paired to (but not connected to at the same time) up to 8 devices. Unfortunately, they do not offer multiple device support (connected to 2 or more devices simultaneously). This may be inconvenient, but switching between devices takes less than a second, but you have to do it manually.However, seeing the price back up near $200, my recommendation lessens. I would say go for it if they stayed at $140-$150. Not sure If I can recommend them when they are so close to AirPods Pro Gen 2 earbuds.But despite the price, good overall experience with my first Sony product. They will probably go down in price this year, hopefully.