These earphones sure sound great and I mean that as an Audiophile. Typically, I stick with over ear headphones because I haven't had luck finding in-ear solutions that work, but these finally work for me. They fit comfortably inside my ear and don't cause any discomfort after prolonged wear sessions. The hooks on them seem a little odd at first too, but I've owned earbuds like this in the past so I was a bit familiar with them. The hooks are great at securing these earphones into your ears and I was unable to shake these out during exercise like running or by just shaking my head as hard as I could.Sound with these is another one of it's strong points. Initially, it is a little bland with the neutral sound signature. The bass is very light and the highs are slightly elevated. It doesn't make listening to music too exciting, until I downloaded the Shure Play app and applied their bass boost preset. With that preset the missing bass booms in your ears. The bass is tight and punchy without becoming muddy like some other "bass boosted" headphones do. Honestly, with this preset alone I found music a lot more fun to listen to and I enjoyed wearing these a lot more. The only thing that would of been better to see is a deeper more rich bass, but for the tiny driver in these the bass it puts out is still quite impressive.The other thing I like about these headphones is that it comes with quality foam tips which tend to be pricey upgrades on their own. Usually most earbuds I've gotten come with the standard set of silicone tip. You get those as well in the box if you prefer them, but I like the foam tips it comes with. Saves a good chunk of change not having to buy foam tips from companies like Comply. The case also charges with a standard USB type-c cable which is nice to see as well. When I unpacked these, the case had one charge left and it took 2 hours to charge it up to full. Even though the charge time is quite long, I don't mind it too much because the battery life is really good. I've been using these consistently for the past few weeks and I've only had to charge in once. I will almost have to charge it again too, but it's nice to use these to exercise and general house work without worrying about the battery or sweat ruining them.While these earphones are very impressive, there is some downsides to them. The first for me is the case because it is not very pocketable. I am a male and luckily my jeans have large pockets. The charging case will fit in my pockets, but it is not enjoyable to do so. The case is just so bulky that it is not comfortable. Most of the time, I just carried the earphones themselves and left the case at home. Putting the buds back into the case is also not as simple or easy as a pair of airpods. With those you could do it with your eyes closed, but with these you need to be paying attention. I've tried doing it in the dark and I just have to turn on a light to make sure they are oriented properly.The other issue I have with these is the volume. I typically don't listen to things very loud as I worry about hearing damage. With these the lowest volume is still too loud for my tastes. The lowest volume is pretty much the only volume I ever used it at. It is plenty loud to listen to music enjoyably while doing other activities. It would be nice if the volume could go lower so I can listen to music while going to sleep. Otherwise, it feels like I'm at a night club and that makes sleeping just a little bit difficult.The last problem I've had is minor, but weird connectivity issues. There have been times where I take these out of the case and it says the earphones are in pairing mode before letting me know they connected to my phone. I only had this happen a few times. The other issue is where the signal has started cutting out even though my phone is in my pocket next to me. Usually it is just one of the buds, but I've had it happen on both. Thankfully, these go away after a few minutes, but it is still odd.Overall, I really enjoy these earphones from Shure. The wireless design makes them incredibly convenient to use and I find myself listening to music a whole lot more while doing chores or exercise. They are comfortable to wear for me which is a rarity and the battery life is great. Sound quality is something I am very particulate about and these satisfy me well. The only downsides to them is the bulky case which could be more user friendly to use and the weird glitches I get sometimes when I turn these on. These are so close to being perfect for me, it's just the case that really brings it down.