As working remotely became a long-term situation, I was looking for something I could easily charge my company phone with and grab it quickly to answer calls or texts--ideally at a reasonable price. Enter the Anker wireless charger.My work phone isn't MagSafe, so that's not an issue, but it does support wireless charging. It's not that using a cable to charge during the day is an issue, but it's more convenient to simply set it down and let a charger do its thing without needing to pull the charging cable out. It also can be a convenient way to charge my personal AirPods without plugging in a cable to that case.The charing pad itself is a little larger than I imagined it would be, but not problematically so. That may limit its usefulness for travel, but I have only intended to use it at home on the corner of a desk. Perhaps that's a plus for my use case, as it's pretty easy to "hit the bullseye" to get a device charging with a decent size circle.Charging speed is perfectly adequate for my needs. It's not a rapid charge in that my phone goes form empty to full at light speed, but I'm using it for hours (typically) while I work, so a normal charing pace perfectly suits me, without spending more money.So far, I haven't needed to replace the cord that came with the device, and I had an ample supply of USB-A type AC power supplies, so this package coming without a "power brick" was no issue--but keep that in mind if it doesn't fit your needs. I also have a god number of micro USB to USB-A cords accumulated from before USB-C began to become the standard, so even if my wire goes bad at some point, I've got replacements that will probably outlast my lifetime.All things considered, for roughly $16 +/-, this is a perfectly useful device. You get good quality for what it is, in the appropriate price range. You give up roughly the size of a typical drink coaster of desk or table space, which is perfectly fine, and you'll save wear and tear on your device's charger port.Just remember, it's not magnetic, so if you bump it, it's going to slide off just like it's on any flat surface. If you're good with that, and I'm an epic klutz, and even I'm ok with it, you should be good to go.