This mount allows my 55" TV to swivel a bit more than 90 degrees, very happy with the range of motion. Like others have mentioned it's a bit difficult to move though, I wish I had lubed the connecting points on the arms when I was installing it, it would be difficult to do now. So I'm happy with the range of motion but it's a bit difficult and awkward to actually move, if I want to swivel it 90 degrees (for my racing sim rig) I have to kind of duck under the TV and/or reach around from the side and actually push the arms because the amount of force required seems like too much to be putting on the TV.The main issue I have, which I figured was going to be an issue just looking at the design before I purchased it, is the TV mount back plate design. If your TV has a 200 X 200 VESA pattern, and especially if the mounting holes are centered on your TV, this mount would be almost perfect. Anything larger than 200 X 200 (my TV is 300 X 200) and you have to use the adapter arms. These arms are attached with one bolt each and as such you can't really ever lock them in place, this makes the TV prone to sagging lower than you had intended with your install and makes it prone to becoming unlevel especially if you are moving it a lot. It's fairly easy to level it again but this will likely cause more sagging and again, you can't really lock it in place so it will likely need to be leveled occasionally.I only had about 6" wiggle room up or down in my mounting location and I mounted it 1" higher than I should have needed to but with all the sagging it's just barely too low now. To be clear the sagging is caused by the backplate adapter arms moving, not from the arms coming from the wall leaning down or being too weak or something. It seems like they could have fixed this issue with one extra piece of metal so you could connect at least 2 of the adapter arms to keep them from moving so much.The install instructions aren't super clear but overall they aren't too hard to decipher, the worst part is trying to figure out the mounting height on your wall as the template and instructions aren't great, especially if your TV has offset VESA holes like mine does.The bolt holes on the wall bracket are also spaced pretty far apart to be side by side and expected to be drilled into the same stud, one of my bolts missed the stud. I used one of the extra holes (for mounting to a different wall material) and angled the bolt a bit and was able to get it into the stud. On the install instructions it looks like the holes are a bit off set diagonally but really they are basically side by side.The tilt design and connecting point from the TV backplate to the mount arms isn't great either but better than most other mounts.In summary, very sturdy, great range of motion, it's the only mount I could find that would allow a 55" TV to swivel a full 90 degrees which I needed. It's also about a third the price of the other mounts that get close to 90 degrees but not quite. If you don't need a full 90 degree swivel I would probably recommend another mount unless your VESA pattern is 200 X 200. If you need the full 90 degrees like I did I think this mount is your best option just be aware of the issues with the backplate adapter arm design that will inevitably cause sagging and make your TV prone to becoming unlevel.