I love these little devices for how much they cost. I started by buying a pack of 4 and less than a day later I ordered 5 more. I was sold on being able to see 9 cameras at once like one of the product images shows...unfortunately that is only for the PC desktop version so far. The Mac version only shows 4 cameras at a time. There is a hack you can find online on how to launch the same program twice on a Mac, so then you could have 8 cameras showing up on two monitors if you really wanted. And the Ios app is pretty good too except that you can only go into one camera at a time, the rest of the cameras show up as an old thumbnail until you tap into it. would love to see more of a live feed on my phone. The two way audio on these isn't great, but it is so amazing to be able to chat with someone at the door step and not be there. I have to say that I didn't buy these so much for protecting my home from outside intruders as much as basically monitoring what my 4 boys are doing all throughout our home. I loved having the cameras so much that I went ahead and bought 9 of the 32 GB mini SD cards to put in each one of them so that I now I could go back in time and review footage! I ask my son for a drink and it turns out he was shaking it up. Someone gets hurt, we can go review the footage. Been able to catch the kids doing white lies. See who is beating up on who. Been able to check in on them and make sure they are doing there chores. Its like having an extra set of 9 eyes in the home. Kids need near constant supervision or they are bound to destroy stuff, make huge messes or get into fights with each other and of course I have one that points out away from home for more checking the front yard, traditionally type security. Wish the cables were longer, but I'm sure you could find a similar cable to do the trick. Also each one of them has to be plugged into a power source and then you just hook it up to your WIFI internet. The other really cool thing is when you are out and about or anywhere with an internet connection and you can just login on your phone and monitor the feed of your cameras. One time I saw the dog up on the table and I turned on the two way audio and said "Cody! get down!" and he got down. like I said the audio back and forth isn't that great, but it can get the job done. the picture quality is suprisingly good for like 20 bucks a pop. For me to able to have 9 cameras running with SD cards and ZERO cloud subscriptions and zero ongoing fees all for under $300 I thought was a pretty good deal.Cons: one of my cameras was not showing great color...it had a pink hue to them...I wrote into support and got some automated messages, but never heard back any answers to my questions.Another one is having issues connecting, despite turning off and on and hard resetting. And another one has some dead pixels which kind of bother me.Also the desktop app.....the feeds time out after 30-60 min and it keeps making me refresh the thing. I dont like that considering what these are... a live feed of cameras for security purposes....that really should just sit running 24/7 kind of thing ...I keep leaving feedback on their app, who knows where it goes though.oh I was going to say that I use my power that my house had setup for the Christmas lights...that is how I power the two cameras by the door.So I am actually returning the 3 cameras that had the issues and Amazon gives me 14 days to send them back meanwhile the new ones should be here by tomorrow or so....so a pretty painless return process...although all returns are kind of annoying.I have 9 right now .... but I am already scheming where I could use more coverage. Point one at the Backyard? The chicken coop? The hallway?So I do love them....also like the ability to turn off the status light so they don't draw as much attention. So despite some of the issues mentioned, I'm happy with what I got, going to replace these 3 and possibly add more to the fleet down the road. If you found this helpful, drop me a like!Go ahead and buy them already! You wont regret it.....and just get the SD cards now too while you are at it!