Note that I already have a Reolink 420 and a C1-Pro (no longer made). I had previously bought the E1 with a single 2.4Ghz frequency which stubbornly refused to connect with the iPhone Reolink app. I have an XFinity Arris dual frequency cable modem router where the 2 frequencies are bound to the same name, rather than with separate names as is more usual.After much communication with tech support, as well as posting questions, I was persuaded to give the dual frequency E1-Pro a shot.Using the Reolink app on my iPhone, the ca,era could not get any further than the multi-language request to load the app. This was worse than the E1 which at least got to the end of the process but would not connect.However, as I was told that this camera should work, I connected it to an ethernet cable and used the Reolink Windows software to make the connection. This worked. I was then able to configure the WiFi using the WiFi name and password.So far, so good. However, I use iSpy as my software to manage my cameras and motion detection recordings. The latest version did have the E1-Pro listed as installable with the IP camera wizard. No joy. It was clearly not able to detect the camera. However, knowing that the camera used ONVIF, I was able to connect this camera using the ONVIF menu item., and using the camera's name and password that was required by the Reolink Windows app.Bottom line:1. The camera does work and can be connected.2. It would not connect with the Reolink app from the Apple iTunes Appstore3. It did need to be connected using an ethernet cable from the cable modem router and using the Reolink Window software. This required adding a name and p[password (actually good for privacy).Once the WiFi is configured, the ethernet cable can be disconnected and the camera then works via WiFi on the Reolink Windows app.4. If you use iSpy software to manage security cameras, it needs to be installed using the ONVIF menu item when adding a camera, and NOT the IP camera wizard as it cannot detect the camera.This is not a camera to give to a technical novice as it will generate hours of frustration.Once connected, it is a nice camera, with good resolution and like the discontinued C1-Pro, has sound as well as vision. AFAICS, the only improvement over the C1-Pro is that the external antennas are absent giving it a smaller form factor for placement (and, a minor factor, is more esthetically pleasing).