When the camera is able to connect to the network, it works well... but if it's unable to connect, troubleshooting it can be a nightmare.I live in the US and went with T-Mobile as recommended by Reolink but had one heck of a time getting the camera to connect. After contacting their support (which is quite slow, expect ~24hrs between responses), they said that they recommend the EIOT SIM card which is available here on Amazon. I was quite furious with the discrepancy as I had already spent ~$21 on T-Mobile but, after a bit of convincing, they agreed to reimburse me for my unnecessary expenses. While I wasn't insanely impressed by the customer service, they did ultimately resolve my issues and try to make things right.That said, the EIOT SIM was able to connect, presumably to the AT&T network instead of T-Mobile (since it supports both). After that, it was relatively easy to set up.As for the camera...Setup: 5/5 Once connected, the setup is very easy. Download the app, scan the QR code on the device, and you're set! Navigate through the options to setup your preferences. Best of all, unlike most companies these days, I wasn't even required to register for an account - though the option was there, presumable for the online storage and premium features that I don't intend to make use of.Picture Quality: 4/5 Picture quality was decent. There's definitely cameras out there that will give you a much better picture, but most of them are not designed to work over the cellular network and run on solar power. That said, these are so much better than a lot of the CCTV + DVR budget security systems you'll find at retail stores.Quality Outputs: 3/5 It's great that the camera supports multiple streams to save precious data/bandwidth on the cellular plan while still being able to record high quality. That said, I feel like the options for those streams were a bit more limited than I was hoping. I'd like to have seen at least 3 stream output settings, with more precision control over the quality of each, including the framerates and resolution.SIM/MicroSD Slots: 3/5 The SIM and MicroSD card are quite frustrating to insert and remove, especially when you're juggling two of them and trying to troubleshoot issues. They do provide you with an SIM ejection tool, but there's no conventional eject button - you have to balance the tool on the edge of the SIM card and press it in to eject.4G/LTE Cellular: 3/5 The connectivity seems to be alright, but could certainly be better. I was unable to get this camera to connect to the T-Mobile network but an old iPhone was able to connect just fine with the same SIM card. Similarly, the voice prompt states to "check the signal strength" but there is no signal strength indicator anywhere on the camera.Customer Service: 4/5 While slow (~1 day between responses, excluding weekends), they were consistent in trying to help resolve my connection issues, appeared to actually read and respond to my messages (seems obvious, but is often not the case these days), didn't make annoying or obvious use of canned messages, and while a bit resistant - they worked to make things right.5G Cellular: */* Not supported. With the 3G network being decommissioned, it'd be great to see support for newer technologies like 5G.WiFi: */* No supported. Without WiFi, this is a very limited use camera. If you're going to need this camera to be in the same spot for the next 10 years, awesome! But if you're only needing to monitor the location for a short period of time, this camera becomes more of an expense than it's worth since you're not able to repurpose it for use at your home where you already have internet and a WiFi network to connect to. It'd be senseless to continue paying the ridiculous $10/mo for 2GB data fees when it's not absolutely necessary - but without the data plan this device becomes a rather large paperweight.Overall: 4/5 Easy setup, easy to configure, easy to install (if you're comfortable with ladders and drills), decent picture quality, and decent customer service.The fact that it didn't have 5G or WiFi support wasn't a surprise, so I'm not including that in my overall rating. That said, they would definitely have been nice additions at this price... and if included, would have been far superior from any of it's competitors products that I've come across.