 I purchased this camera to place at the end of my driveway where I do not get WiFi. I have a long driveway with a gate at the end, but that doesn’t stop people from sometimes finding themselves on my property without permission. I wanted this camera to primarily catch trespassers and give me a heads up. After having it up a few weeks, here are my thoughts. First, I should mention that this camera does not work with Verizon. I bought a FreedomPop prepaid card which allows up to 1G a month of data ($65 for 12 months). So far, the camera has used about half that data a month so you should be good with something similar, unless you have AT&T and if that’s the case just hook it up to your existing plan. I like that this camera is independently sufficient. You put your SD card and SIM card in, plug up the solar panel, and no worries. I have my camera at the edge of a tree line that gets about 5 hours of sun. So far, the battery stays between 97-100%. I also like that it has two way audio and I can even sound an alarm if necessary. I rather not do that but in the event I’m not home, maybe it would scare someone off. Pan and Tilt operation is great but does have a very slight lag but that’s because it is working off a cell tower. Also, I live in a very rural area and cell reception is poor. However, the camera consistently has 4bars of 4G. Night vision is ok, but could be better. Camera only records when it detects motion and doesn’t record 24/7 but you can check in on the app and it will come on. Only cons I have are that it comes in the color white and the mounting bracket for the camera is plastic. My camera is placed about 8 foot high on a tree and so white was a turn off for me. So, I painted it camouflage. As to the camera mount being plastic, if someone were to hit it with a stick or something similar, the mount would likely break and there goes your camera to a thief. Which also brings up the con that the playback video is saved to the SD card on the camera, not a cloud. So, if someone steals your camera or turns it off, you can’t see the video of what happened. Therefore, mount your camera high and try to hide it if possible. I made a small wood cover with sides to help protect it from such instances. Conclusion: it’s a good buy and I would recommend it, especially if you have plan on placing it somewhere remote.