First of all these are wireless data, wired cam for power. They plug into an AC to supply the power, but wirelessly connect to your router for data.The bad...My biggest pet peeve is you cannot turn off the camera without literally unplugging it. There is no option in thr app to do this at all. I plan on unplugging inside cams while not on vacation and leaving the ones facing outside on all the time. I find it too intrusive for a possible hacker to be looking at me in my own home.There is no option to turn off audio. If you are recording....you must record both video and audio. My reasoning is that I have two of these facing outside but they are inside the house. Hence the audio is of us inside the.house but the video is of outside.The pics are of right after I peeled the.sticker off the front of the camera. They are scratched. Not sure if it is just repackaged used or refurbished. One of the cameras had a previous owner nickname for the camera already on it when I linked it. Even.though it was.scratched.i didn't see any scratches on the actual lens or video output. This alone is why I gave it 4 stars.There isn't a zoom option on the camera. You can zoom in but the camera itself is not zooming in. It just gets more pixelated. There is no movement of the camera via app. Once the cam is set that is where it is aimed until you move it again.The cam sits on the base with a ball allowing full 360 rotation. However there is only up and down in which you can angle it. I needed to angle the cam 45° to the left AND 45° down which I had to make a custom piece of wood to acheive this.The cam base has no screw holes for anchoring and only comes with a two sided sticky. Although the sticky tape is really good quality, it means you are permanently putting the camera in that spot allowing for a tough time installing the correct angles. After the first mishap, I ended up taping it to a small piece of wood in which I could move the wood around to get.the best angles and spots.It isn't the greatest video.if you are pointing your cam outside a window. It has no eagle eye and only gets a good 15 feet in front of the cam. I can't even tell the license plate number from 20 feet away in front of the cam in pure daylight. But the video of 0 to 10 feet is amazing. Also if you angle the cam about 45° out a window the glare stops you from seeing anything. It has to be mostly pointing straight out the glass.The cord is sufficient. It is long enough to place on the ceiling if it directly above an outlet. But I wanted to move the cords in a way that you didn't see them, so I bought 4 cheap extension cords at the dollar store. It would of helped if they were just a tad longer.The motion sensor and sound sensor will take a screenshot at the moment it triggers. However to view the video of the that time I have to manually go into loop back and navigate to that timestamp. It would be nice if they had an option to go directly to the loop back time of the sensor is triggered.The audio 2 way radio could be better. When you click to speak, you cannot hear what they are saying until you click our side off. It is NOT like zoom. You can hear but it is a little robot sounding. Fine for if your just telling an intruder that the police are on their way.The good....It has really good audio. You can hear eveyone in mint condition for at least 15 feet away.Inside a building up to 10 to 15 feet it has really great video quality.The app is pretty good. Allows pretty much everything you need to do. The only thing I wish I had the option to do is toggle.the camera on and off.It has suburb detection for movement and sound alert. Amazing. It has levels of degree for both to adjust.The notifications are perfect. On time.I bought four 128 gb high write speed SanDisk SD cards and that was too much space. It appears that will last over a month of constant recording and audio. I wish I went with the 64gb. I aways go with SanDisk brand because off brand SD cards have failed a year after while I have never once ever had a SanDisk SD go bad. Usually they just get outdated by being too small of size at some point. I haven't had any issue with glitches or shudders movement on the SD card for play back.I bought a set of 4 when it was on sale for 69.99 and I wish I bought 2 sets for 8 total cameras. I plan on buying more at some point. They are great for baby monitors, intruder securiry cams, outside cam if it is protected from rain, etc. The only thing they are not good at is if you want a cam to see far distances. This is a cam for living rooms or door fronts.Will update as time progresses.Edit: Not even a month after purchasing I used these cameras to give the police a timestamp for a hit and run on my parked car. This allowed them to quickly navigate with their cameras to cofirm and start the investigation at a faster rate. My camera you could not tell the license plate number, but you could tell the color of the truck, type of truck, sex of driver, ethnicity of driver, etc. all at 2:30AM. When I zoomed in on faces all I saw was a blur but I could tell that numerous people looked that direction when they heard it. So I know who are witnesses. I also was able to easily save the video, zoom in at certain times, etc. and easily put it on Facebook for sharing. The only thing I wish was it was able to read the license plate as that would of helped the investigation tremendously.