I just got my first decent telescope and I needed some EPs to give me a full range of magnifications. Before I even decided on this kit I went through what I already owned (9mm,25mm and 30mm) and calculated what I needed to fill in the gaps. To my surprise, this kit filled in the gaps perfectly.Eye Pieces - Let me start by saying, you can go ahead ignore some of the older reviews for this kit. Celestron has obviously changed the EP range from what used to be included with the kit. For clarity sake, this kit currently comes with the advertised EPs (6mm, 8mm, 13mm, 17mm and 32mm) along with the 2x Barlow lens. I don't have a lot of experience but so far the EPs seem to be sharp especially considering what I paid for them. I'm sure that the high-end EPs that are available are going to be better. If, however, you are someone like me who doesn't have a lot of money after shelling out for your scope, the range of EPs are great for letting you know what your scope is capable of. You can always replace the more often used EPs once you get a better idea of what you want.Filters - I have messed around with these a bit and honestly the only thing they did for me was change the color of the object being looked at and didn't seem to really show any more detail. The exception here is the ND Moon Filter. The moon is so bright when you look at it through your scope it can be blinding. My scope came with a moon filter that tinted it green and it really was ugly. The included ND filter here just reduces the amount of light without losing any color. I will certainly continue to use this filter, the others I'm not so sure about.Case - The case is nice and though not metal as the pic would lead you to believe. It is still hard plastic and the padding is very good. I definitely feel like my EPs are protected well when packed away. The added "feature" of the key is just awful though. I never really understood why I would want to lock this anyway, but just out of curiosity I tried to use the lock. I fiddled with the lock for a few mins trying to get the key to even fit in to no avail. To me this was a useless part of the kit that could have been skipped.Overall - I would recommend this kit just based on the fact that you get a lot for what you pay. Sure there are higher quality items available at a price, but the kit is a great start.