UPDATED 5/22/22. The company reached out and were very generous to provide me with a new camera and SD card. I tested and so far it's working flawlessly. I've raised from 2 to 4 stars because I am very happy with the service provided. The camera records quality video and I love that i can change the angle of the view remotely. I stand by my 4 star review, however, because it is still overly sensitive which means I turn off alerts entirely. It's time consuming to proactively scroll through hundreds of images to find the few times it actually captured something. I use my cameras to capture wildlife that comes close to my cat's enclosure and to capture my cats attempting escape so that I know if it has any weak points. What's important to me, is that I have the footage should i need it.ORIGINALI want to love this camera but it's so frustrating. "SD card not detected" had been a common error that's getting worse. One day it works, the next day it can't be found - and I've made zero changes so who knows why. And then if I just wait awhile, it's detected again. However, now it's failed and have come back for 3 days, so far.Here's what happened: Everything broke on one camera - meaning, I couldn't even get love video - so I moved my working camera to that spot. The only variable change being that I unplugged it to move it. Plugged it in, got live video and was so happy until an event got logged. When I went to play it back "No SD card detected".I cannot figure out how to contact support. Within the app there are faqs that do not address this issue. Since it doesn't detect the card, I can't reformat it and don't have an error to Google.The other issue is that the motion detection is hyper sensitive. A piece of dust can set it off. I could learn to move with this (you might as well have continuous recording on if it's raining, though). I have wyze cameras that don't get set off by rain or really anything but moving animals, people or vehicles so I know it's possible to have far better tech. I turned off notifications due to constant alerts with false positives. It means scrolling through hundreds of pictures to see if anything notable happened. And yes, I played with motion detection settings and turned off certain blocks in the viewing area. Didn't matter.I also wish there was a way to disconnect the camera from it's mount. If I have to reset the camera, I have to unscrew it from where I've placed it. Super annoying and contributes to procrastination of troubleshooting and make me less interested in investing. These issues are why I bought wyze outdoor cameras. That's $250 that this company could have had. But I still want the two that I have to work!Finally, the cloudedge app never closes and drains my phone battery. I have Android. I always get notifications to force close it.What I love is the ability to remotely move the camera angles. I also think they are attractive.I would love an email address where I can submit a help ticket.