For background I've never owned a telescope and haven't done much astronomy since high school.I bought this as a gift for our bright 5.5 year old daughter, knowing she may need to grow into it a bit. Before settling on this particular model, I considered paying several times more for a good T-scope the whole family could use for years to come. However, after reading more about beginner scopes, I agreed that a more complicated or powerful scope could discourage her. Further, although she thinks astronomy is pretty neat today and she can name all the planets (including a few dwarfs), there's a chance her interest wanes. In that case, I'm only out $100.It took me about 30 minutes to skim through the instructions and assemble the scope. Adjusting the finderscope was a little more difficult, however. I found myself wishing it had some simple calibration screws that would move the crosshairs left/right and up/down. Instead, the finder scope is held in place by inserting it into a broad ring with three inward facing screws. It was a bit of an effort to get this calibrated (still not 100%) and I can tell it would easily be thrown off if bumped or if I pack and unpack the scope. Basically, you don't want to touch it after calibration (and try to get a 5 year old to not touch something interesting like that).I'd read reviews saying the tripod may be flimsy, but I wasn't concerned given we have two others for our cameras. Nevertheless, it seems to work and I left one segment on each leg unextended so our daughter could reach the viewfinder. I found Jupiter w/o much of a problem, but because the scope is front-heavy, it required a few iterations of sighting, loosening-moving-then tightening the panhandle, and sighting again before I got accustomed to the scope "dipping" after I'd locked things in. Perhaps there is a technique that makes this easier, but I believe some scopes have counterweights to manage this. Perhaps a sturdier tripod would help.That said, these are all things I can deal with and weren't entirely unexpected. I was impressed that not only could we see Jupiter but also its four largest moons. I initially thought they might be a lens flare or a defect, but after looking at on line photos I confirmed it's the real deal, which was pretty exciting. Worth noting that a little kid will have a harder time closing one eye and steadily looking into an eyepiece to see something as small as a planet. I'm hopeful the moon is easier for her. Mom has already joked that Dad has a new telescope.