The product was delivered when they said it would be and the packaging was sufficient. I received this product this morning and put it to the test.First of all, this thing is huge. It's about the size of a small poker or bumper pool table, which I like. It's not too big that one person can't wield it, but I could see how things would get interesting on a windy day. The bag that it came in is quite flimsy, but I don't see that being too much of a problem. Once you pop it open (and it will pop, so watch out), everything appears to be pretty standard. Silver/black on one side and gold/white on the other, with the core being translucent. The fabric that the silver/gold sides is made out of is nice and doesn't look like it will shed a bunch of glitter all over my assistants/models once it starts to wear. Almost every review that I've read mentions the zippers, and yes, they ARE tricky. I've found that if you just bend the inner ring down away from the zipper when you're unzipping it, its no big deal. Don't let the other reviews fool you. It's just a function of the inner ring fitting tight against the reflective sleeve. There are no design flaws in the zippers.When I tested it out, the sun was coming up through some french doors to the east and I had subject with their back to the windows. I set up my tripod and leaned this reflector against it at a 45 degree angle, silver side facing my subject/sun. Once I had the exposure dialed in, WOW. This thing just wrapped my subject in beautiful, diffuse light from underneath. That one picture sold me on this product. I can't wait to use it more.p.s. I also own a 43" reflector from Opteka. The items are almost identical, except this one is about 1/4" smaller. Also, this one has more wrinkles in the reflective fabrics when fully opened. I don't foresee this being a problem as they are both quite wrinkly. These two products are so similar that I had to mark one with a permanent marker so I can tell them apart and put them in the correct bag when I'm packing up from a shoot.