UPDATE 12/2021: Regarding the lens guard comment at the bottom and the Insta360 Care plan you can purchase - GET IT! I used it for the lens scratches and their service is great! It saved me a $220 repair. But I’ll definitely be using the lens guard as I don’t want to have to get it repaired again. And they were super fast sending me the details.This review is for the Insta360 One X2 camera. The personal and professional possibilities with this thing are real. There are a lot of Tutorials on the app to create some cool looking stuff, but it takes some thought and creativity ahead of time and some of them don't work as well as they should. HOWEVER, the real beauty of this thing is the invisible selfie stick and the "VIEW FINDER" feature. The invisible selfie stick (I bought the 2 in 1 selfie stick and tripod which was a good move) works great. The camera stitches out the stick very well. The View Finder feature allows you to basically be a "live" camera man after the fact. You shoot the 360 video, then when in the app to edit, you move the phone around as if you're shooting a video, but you're recording your camera moves within the 360 video clips. You can pinch and zoom and if you play around with how you're holding the camera when filming, you can get some REALLY unique and cool shots that you can't get with any other camera. The one lens action cam setting is good, and I really like the dual multi view mode where it films the front camera and the back camera. Stabilization and horizon lock is insanely good.WORDS OF WISDOM: ABSOLUTELY GET THE LENS GUARD! I did not and I regret it. Spend the extra $20. The lenses protrude (as 360 cams do) and if it hits the ground, it WILL scratch. It fell lightly on some rocks from 2 feet up and got a scratch that was bearable, but noticeable in video. I crashed on my bike and the lens hit the concrete and it's unusably scratched. Also pay for the Insta360 Care on their website. I did and I'm sending mine to get the lens repaired and then will promptly be putting on the lens guard.If this thing would do something higher than 30fps in full 5.7k resolution, (like maybe 60 or 120), overall rating would probably be a 5 star.