TLDR; Great option for young families with small kids. I am happy with it and feel like it's a steal of a deal and only takes creative thinking for me to get a quality output that I find satisfying. It gets 4 stars because of some performance quirks, but that goes with the price. I wouldn't want to give 5-stars because the cost-cutting created flaws. In my heart it's a 5.After reading the reviews I had middle-to-low expectations. I was a bit unhappy with the focus until last night. This was when I decided to wear my glasses for distance. The picture is flawless, but won't be flawless for everyone.Here are my tips to get the best: Sharpness=80, Contrast=60, Brightness 45.Biggest need for a good focused image is to leave the keystone on its middle setting and move the projector to square the image as needed. Seems to me that using the keystone to correct the image creates more problems with focus. I personally have mine mounted on a shelf, upside down, secured by a bungee cord. This lines it up closely enough to the wall to present a nearly square image.I can't say anything about the audio because I have paired mine with a Vizio 2.1 soundbar.I basically use the projector as my main TV in my living area. I appreciate the idea of not having a TV as decoration or as an eyesore. The projector is noticeable, but I'm trying to create an environment where TV is not as much at the center of the presentation.I live in Salt Lake City and in the winter it is overcast enough to have a clear image. I can shut the shades and see just fine, mostly. Dark scenes are difficult, but expected.I have an HDMI switch attached to the soundbar and a 50" HDMI cable running from the soundbar to projector. Requires some cable management. I will buy some cable clips to secure the cable to the baseboard.Since the switcher is in use i have connected the following: Xbox Series S, Fire Stick, HomeWorx TV tuner.There are issues with image tearing. I guess the refresh rate doesn't sync with any of the previously mentioned devices. Playing games feels like I am playing at 30FPS and with the breaks in the images from differing refresh rates. The Fire Stick works fine. Some complained about problems with the stick, but I found it needs power from a wall outlet and not from the projector or any similar source. If your Firestick continually reboots I suggest plugging the power into the wall. The HomeWorx TV tuner works fine, but it doesn't pull in signals very well. I have an LG TV connected to the same antenna and the reception with that is good to great. The HomeWorx tuner is spotty but mostly works. The HomeWorx tuner was the only realistic possibility I could find for an OTA signal, so I adapt.The focus of the projector is sharp in the middle and soft at the edges. With sharpness turned up, it does remind me of the days when I worked at the theater. I'm happy with it, and ecstatic with the price point and the value.Your family will love it and if you are looking for a bright clear image in movie-theater settings you will be satisfied. Don't expect a performance projector. Expect something that gets the job done without bells and whistles.It projects at 720p, they say. I believe this, but can't tell. I do see pixels but seeing them gives me the satisfaction of good focus.It's great for movies like Star Wars. I think for action movies it's purposes serve best. Video games might be a bit distracting in terms of image refresh rates and possibly lack of clarity and contrast. Connecting a TV antenna is possible, but the option I chose delivers sub-standard reception for me.