Works great! Easy instructions out of the box. Comes with lots of converter cables. Was able to plug and play DDR with my PS2 using the AV cable that it came with. No lag experienced so rhythm games can be played great. Color and brightness of screen is good. Remote control worked perfectly. I had prepared 2 AAA batteries prior to arrival since I read this didn't come with them.Took off a star due to a couple issues:1. The power cord is pretty short. Only about 3ft long, which is not nearly long enough to bring the projector from the wall to the center of my small bedroom. Easily solveable with an extension cord but still inconvenient.2. There is also no easy method to face the projector upward toward the ceiling. The power cable connection sticks out in the back so you can't just rest the projector against it's back. I was able to use the box that it came with, since it had a slit that the cable could go through, and random objects to prop it where I needed it to go. However, I think given the intended use of this item, the functionality to face the ceiling should be built in. Pictures of the jerry-rigged setup to face the ceiling 5ft above my bed are included.3. The keystone doesn't adjust the screen tilt far enough downward. Since the bottom screw foot props the projector angled upward, adjusting the keystone to tilt the screen downward is more important than up, but even maxed out it doesn't adjust nearly far enough, while there's plenty of ability to tilt upward.4. The picture quality isn't the clearest even when focused and text on the screen is not sharply outlined. It's clear enough to read subtitles though. Pictures of Netflix projected on the ceiling with the setup shown are included. Pictures were taken lying on my bed without fully extending my arms or using any zoom.5. The projector fans run very loud, starting at full blast once the project is turned on and continuing throughout use. Think of the sound of computer fans spinning at max when a computer is running hot with intensive computational processing (like when playing a game with high graphics).These aside, all in all, this is a great deal to be able to watch movies lying down on the bed and not killing your neck. And also great to have a portable screen to play old console games on. Easier than a TV to transport and store. Clear enough against the wall that I don't think a projector screen is necessary. Very lightweight and compact. Since I move residences almost every year, this is a factor I regularly consider for all my purchases. Even though a number of issues were listed, this is about what I expected for the price, so I only took off one star.I usually don't bother writing reviews, but was motivated to write this honest review with more detail than I'd usually put in for a "free gift". I was not paid or sponsored to preach perfect things about it, as you can tell. Nevertheless, I wanted to add the disclaimer.Product was purchased for $85.