The Nexigo PJ20 projector is marketed as an outdoor projector, and I'm sure it could be used well for that; however, I needed something to use for family movie nights indoors and the projector works well for that as well.The good:The picture quality is strong for a 1080p projector. Keystone adjustments are quick and exact to accommodate the distance of throw to the wall and angle of the projector itself. Dialing in the focus around the edges can be a bit tricky, but it isn't generally that distracting. As with most projectors, this isn't going to have the luminance of your LED screen TV, and the colors and picture are a bit washed out when viewing on a wall, but given the price, this is a really good option if you know what to expect going in. The connection options are great.I use this as a portable projector, but if you were to place it permanently, then you'd have 2 HDMI inputs as well as an RCA adapted input to go along with the screen casting options available from your cell phone or tablet (Windows, IOS, and Android supported). With my Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra, I was able to quickly find the projector as a 'Smart Thing' and connect wirelessly and cast my screen showing a YouTube video to the projector. I plugged a 4K Roku player into the back and it worked perfectly as well. The projector also has native Wi-Fi capability. Again, great assortment of options given the variety of ways we can get viewable content these days.I read where others were disappointed by the stock speakers; and again, if I were outside I could see how they'd be inadequate, but in my closed room, there was plenty of sound to drown out the on-board fan, and give everyone an enjoyable experience. Connecting to an external speaker took the audio to a room-filling level.The mediocre:The fan is too audible. I tried different inputs and that didn't seem to matter to quiet the sound of the fan. If you were outside watching this on a large screen (or sheet), then it wouldn't matter as much, but in a closed basement room, I'd hope for something quieter so that the sound of the source video weren't disturbed.As I mentioned, getting the focus dialed in is a frustrating task, but that may be the case with most projectors in this class. The center of the frame is crystal clear.The included remote control is sufficient, but not exactly fully-loaded with features. And...I don't understand why manufacturers wouldn't bother including 2 AAA batteries so that the customers don't have to go rummaging through drawers to find them when unboxing their new electronics.Summary:This is a great option for a full HD projector with a variety of connection capabilities with adequate sound options. It is my belief that with some extra attention, this thing can easily become a centerpiece of your home theater, or outdoor watch party. If it were in a fixed location, I'd spend time dialing in the focus a bit more, aim it at a screen intended for projectors rather than a neutrally painted wall, and hook it up to a solid sound system. With those tweaks, I suspect I would be able to fool my friends into thinking I spent HUNDREDS of dollars more than this actually costs. There's no way to know the durability of the lamps without months/years of experience, but out of the box this performs really well.