These are single sheets. I had previously purchased another product which had joined sheets (actually folded on the length) and was much easier to work with. Being these are single sheets, you have to get the placement just right on the first sheet and then align the second sheet corner-to-corner and keep the item you're laminating centered as well. I did not manage that. I was laminating a piece of notebook paper which had been written on in 1995 - instructions for a card game. Signatures of the players are on the back of the paper. I really wanted to preserve this item properly. I had a difficult time getting this quite soft and creased (from having been folded for so many years) onto the first sheet. I had a somewhat difficult time landing my paper onto the first sheet, and a very difficult time getting the second sheet to "land" correctly onto the paper (which nearly filled the laminating sheet size). In the long run, I had to trim the edges b/c it went on crooked and I could not get all the air bubbles out so I have creases in my document and the lamination sheets.I wish I had known/realized this would be the case. The product I used before? I have looked through past purchases online - it's not there. I think I must have purchased a "Scotch" brand before. I remember it had red in the 'about' sheet. Unfortunately I threw the package away recently. Do I dare go see if it's in the current garbage? I went and looked as far as I dared. Nothing.The closest I can find to what I used previously, I will link here. The item I used had a yellow strip down the folded edge and you could insert the item easily, removing the strip, using a ruler or other straight edge to get the second sheet properly applied. I believe the way it was configured, you could move your document/item around on the first sheet, placing it just right then use a straight edge (ruler) as you removed the protective barrier off the sticky(-ier?) side.I have looked through laminating sheets here on Amazon and don't see one with the yellow strip in the fold (probably 8.5" x 11" size sheets). If you find it, please leave a link if you can. Thank you.Perhaps this one is more like what I purchased before. (I have purchases here on Amazon going back to 2007 - so no telling where/when I bought the other laminating sheets.) I typically really like Avery products. I suppose there are uses for single sheets but it wasn't for what I attempted and it was "too late" once I got that paper to land on the very sticky first sheet... etc., etc.Meanwhile - I just can't figure out what I will do with the balance of what I now understand are "single sheet" lamination "sheets". :(Hope this helps someone who is not realizing the differences in these sheets.https://www.amazon.com/Scotch-Self-Sealing-Laminating-LS854-25G-WM-LS854WC/dp/B00006HZ5F/ref=sr_1_19?crid=2OP17QGLEX4SJ&keywords=laminating+sheets&qid=1640475573&sprefix=laminating+sheets%2Caps%2C105&sr=8-19