My old Legend headset gave up the ghost after many years, so a few months ago I got the 5200 -- a presumed upgrade. The headset's basically the same in terms of performance, though there are a few minor design tweaks. Net effect for me is no meaningful change -- still good quality sound on my end and no complaints about the sound at the other end.The accompanying case is an essential bit of hardware for travelers like me. Great concept, and it works; I haven't had the connection issues others cite. What I was surprised by was how much less I like the 5200's case compared to the Legend's. Most importantly, they've somehow configured it so that it's oddly difficult to extract the headset from the case. And the little bluetooth dongle? Don't get me started! First, you have to remove the headset to get it out or put it back in. Then you need to have tiny fingers that are nonetheless long enough to work their way around the lid of the case so you can pluck the dongle out of its little cave. I suspect that being left-handed is a big factor, but I had NO problems with the old one. It's pretty amazing how I find myself cursing Plantronics over this minor issue every single time I put the headset away or take it out -- a couple of times a day. I'd love to hear from the design team why they chose to do it this way!A lesser gripe: The old Legend came with a separate USB charging stand that I could leave permanently on my desktop, then I could use the case for transport. The stand accommodated the special headset charging connector, it let the headset connect to the laptop for firmware upgrades, and the headset was there handy for me. You could charge the case separately. Now the case IS the stand, so I have to plug the case in to charge after a call or to connect to the computer. The upshot for me -- and this certainly won't affect everyone -- is that I'm way more prone to leave the headset and case on my desk when I leave. Another minor dissatisfier with this "improved" model.Another personal issue: The old case had a smooth plastic surface with rounded corners. The new one has squarer corners and a "nice" no-slip surface. Makes it less likely to be dropped, but it makes it darn tough to get into my pocket.Still and all, I put up with the case because the headset's good. After all, I bought a headset, not a case. Can't say for sure I'd buy the same product again, but it's not so bad that I'll pitch it out of spite over the case. Still, a better designed case would sure be nice. They just need to look to the old case for inspiration.