 I needed a black (very specifically) versatile outlet strip with a reasonably long cord that was securely mountable, of good quality with at least basic "surge protection" and positive, easy-to-see yet unobtrusive indication that it is has power and is turned "on."This is actually quite a list of specific requirements for such a seemingly common item and this was the first I found after a few minutes of search. The search was not difficult but it did require some investigation despite a nicely descriptive search string.I was able to find similar "available" at large local retailers but nothing exact despite how big that box and we have a big row of them still. But there was something else.The others I found weren't GE.I hope--don't like that word--the GE still stands for "General Electric."The very same General Electric that built a ceiling fan in one of my buildings--a smallish brick one of the "downtowh" sort but isolated--it was part of a lumberyard and they did an innovation-a drive-thru--back in the 40s. I have a photo even. The GE ceiling fan in the technically always "outdoor" drive-thru at the left of the main building is still there--rigidly mounted on a piece of black iron. It runs perfectly if rather noisily--the mounting--and Tom was about stone deaf after all anyhow despite an invention that never fooled any dog of the day...And the very same General Electric that built and engineered the entire system (perhaps even the round branch supply ducts as they are an "odd" size--today even--c.1964 and it just survived the recent "Clarence Birdseye Alert" aka "Flash Freeze Warning" (who comes up with this new weather porn terminology anyway--the government--surely no sane business would pay for someone to do it) with aplomb.I've done the figuring and it makes no sense in either the economic or "ecological" sense to replace this furnace until either its original General Electric blower motor dies (it's been brushed off once--by me--recently) or the heat exchanger somehow rusts through.Yes, it's a massive lump of iron. It's not "efficient" in the way of new furnaces but this was an entire system. The registers are in the walls and direct warmer-than-ordinary air against the wall because the ductwork is smaller than ordinary but the air velocity in the branch line is relatively unchanged. In other words it runs a little hotter because it's trying to make things a bit more comfortable by first heating the still plaster(ish) outside walls that unlike those that came before are now filled with fiberglass insulation on top of the usual bagasse (sugar cane waste) .A new heating system to produce the same comfort level would require effectively ripping the house apart because the new high-efficiency furnace run cooler than normal to begin with and they're getting so "smart" that if you try to fool them they just get even colder but won't let you freeze of course 'cause you're not an idiot now are you? Everything out there seems to think "you" are...This was my best chance of finding a perfectly tailored power strip capable of lasting as long as this piano is capable of producing fine music--and that's for longer than I will be around.Let's hope that GE still means something. I didn't read the "country of origin" to tell me where it was actually produced. Something tells me I don't want to know because what I don't trust is anyone's ability to conduct QC in some remote places.