This is my third pair of Sennheiser noise cancelling headphones (clearly I like the brand enough to purchase again).Pros:- Quality of sound overall is very good to me. I hear clear distinction between treble/bass with music of all sorts. Podcasts and audio books are easily understandable.- Noise cancellation is actually a bit better than the previous models I've used. It still allows for some, but is definitely dampened (a plus for my use).- There's an explicit power button on the headphones. Previous models had a signal button on the charging station/transmitter and the headphones would only truly shut off after being on the charger for x amount of time with no audio. I very much like having the dedicated power button on the headset itself.- Audio control buttons are slightly bigger over previous models.- Audio range *can* be pretty decent as long as there aren't electrical interferences. I've found that getting close to my wifi router or places that have large number of electric lines tends to interrupt the signal.Cons:- I had read the reviews on this model ahead of time and did see a few others note this so I'll just confirm. The overall headset feels spring-loaded to keep it tight against your head. While this is good to keep it from falling off your head and to prevent audio escape, it's actually pretty uncomfortable. I've been wearing these almost daily for a month and they still continue to hurt my ears after a couple hours. I don't see any good way to "train" the headset to be a little less constrictive.- I also saw reports of audio dropout. This seems intended to balance out abrupt changes in volume, but this feature also causes problems. I commonly play video games and my own independent audio. I tend to hear the volume dropout and remain lower for periods of time. Not a deal breaker, but worth mentioning as I hadn't experienced this in the past.- Audio control buttons are all grouped together with no good indicator between which button does what - having varying number of dots/lines or different button sizes/shapes would be helpful here. You really have to take the headphones off in order to press the correct buttons (if you don't use them often).All in all, I'd still recommend these as they're still solid quality for the price and what they offer.