I wanted to love these. The first thing I noticed (I got them default in Ambient Mode) was the very loud and noticeable white noise, that the 30$ Tozo T6's don't have.Cons:1) The Ambient Mode has a very loud and distracting "White Noise". The microphones used to pick up ambient sounds are low quality and cheap, with a very high Noise Floor. You may adjust the Ambient Mode sensitivity in the latest software update, however, if you turn down the white noise, you also effectively lose the Ambient feature. I tried to find a sweet spot at around 40% sensitivity in Ambient mode, but unfortunately it just doesn't stack up to the natural sounding Ambient Mode of the Apple Airpod 2 Pro.2) The minimum volume is too loud. Sennheiser decided to increase the loudness of the TMW3's compared to 2nd generation. I don't know why they did that, because the TM2's were loud enough, even below max volume. Nobody ever complained about them being too quiet. But because of this change, many youtube Audio Reviewers, consumers, and myself have noticed that you cannot use these for bed time because the very lowest sound setting (other than actual mute, volume off), is LOUD. It's not relaxing. We should have the option of a fine gradient of sound volume for 200$ earbuds.PROS:1) Oh the sound is absolutely as amazing as all the reviewers suggest. I've never heard such beautiful sounding music. So clear. Many songs I listened to hundreds of times in the past came to life and I could hear parts of the music that were previously obscured to me. I think the Hi-Definition option is a gimmick though. I did not notice the music sounding too much better with it on, or any difference at all.2) The battery life. It lasts. The case, it's small enough (people complain but it's not that big.) The case charges fast. The earbuds charge fast in the case. Both have good battery life. Love it.3) The software is pretty easy to use, albeit slow at startup. It has good useful functions, among them the option to turn of the very loud voice notifications and substitute them for gentle, robotic "beeps" to notify you of connection, disconnection, etc. This is really nice. But the fact that the earbuds are inherently too loud on their lowest setting kind of makes this a moot point.4) The fit. The earwings really help. They do not hurt or dig in as people say. You can customize the size, and rotate if it hurts, to adjust the ratio of secureness/comfort.Conclusion: These are being returned. I could live with the white noise in ambient mode, but the loudness at the lowest settings is by far the loudest I've ever used. This makes me mad because Sennheiser actually "improved" the 3rd generation by making it louder, and as a result, the lowest volume (it's a linear function from min to max volume) is just too freaking loud. I can't relax or sleep with these.