I've tried quite a few wireless earbuds now and these are by far my favorite.First the bad:The app is a bit slow to respond sometimes, especially when first loading up. I'd rather see a loading screen to know it's still working than for it to pretend it's ready even though it actually still needs a few seconds more.The noise cancellation is EITHER fantastic at wind or fantastic at everything else, but never both (you pick one or the other in the app)And the one single feature I've seen on other earbuds that I really really miss is the ability to activate audio pass through aka active listening with only one earbud in.That would allow me to answer calls while still being able to hear the world around me (active listening and noise cancellation turn off during phone calls, presumably so it can focus on noise cancellation for your voice), but otherwise act as if the earbud is not there. Really a nice feature to have and I miss it dearly.And I found the feature on a cheap pair of earbuds too! C'mon Sennheiser.Note: all of these could theoretically be fixed via app updates if Sennheiser is watching these reviews. I'll update my review if they fix even one of the three issues I mentioned (and change it to 5 stars)Now the good:Audio quality is fantastic: good solid bass without sounding muddy, clear and crisp treble without being grating.Mic quality is amazing: callers can understand me in my work van on the highway with the AC blowing without even raising my voiceNoise cancellation is great: I can be on the highway with the windows down and the "anti wind" mode can take it just fine, and the "standard" mode does an excellent job of dampening everything else... So long as it isn't windy.Battery life is impressive: it lasts through a full eight hour shift running either noise cancellation or active listening non stop and being used for audiobooks and phone calls intermittently.Comfort is also impressive: as you might have guessed from that previous entry, I wear these all day through my entire shift and my ears don't hurt at all by the end, nor do they do slip out once they are inserted correctly, which does admittedly take some finagling sometimes. HOWEVER I strongly recommend getting foam inserts instead of using the provided silicone ones. Not only are they more comfortable, but they dampen sound better too.Fun fact! I wore these to an outdoor gun range and with the foam inserts the noise cancelling was sufficient to protect my ears from the sound of gunfire. I wouldn't trust them in an indoor range though.Overall I'd give these 9.5 out of 10.