My mom is old(er than me, leave it at that) and even though she loves gadgets, she is about as tech savvy as a caterpillar, and the caterpillar could prob out-type her too. She asked me, "I need new BT headphones, what should I buy?" I told her, "You should buy the type where the two earbuds are connected, since you're old(er than me) and you lose stuff so if you get the true wireless it's possible you'll lose one. Also, they're a little less reliable since either or can lose connection...and it's kinda weird if only one is the phone earbud, if you're not used to it." These are legit complaints I have with my Bose Soundsport Frees which is apt, since I got them for free from my brother-in-law who didn't like them. But man is it annoying when I'm out for a run and the left says, "Nah, you're on your own" and disconnects itself).She says she'd think about it...then goes and buys some Skullcandy True Wireless ANCs from the store for $80....like, "Really mom?? Why you need active noise cancelling, you don't go nowhere!" She tries pairing it and is having all of the issues as the Skullcandys won't pair and the battery life when they do pair isn't what she's looking for. Bare in mind, my mom is NOT tech savvy nor does she have the best memory, so she'll just forget electronics need to be charged and leave them wherever for who knows how long. So I jump on Amazon and buy her these, since they're cheap and look exactly like a pair I have that are my BT back-ups whenever my Bose irritate me too much.She gets these in the mail and after remembering to charge them, they pair immediately and she's ecstatic. They also last forever since she only charges them maybe once a week, when she remembers to, but regardless, the Skullcandys are collecting dust somewhere in her house. When my dad got a new phone (no 3.5mm jack) and he also needed BT headphones, mom suggests, "You can have my $80 headphones", dad says, "No, son, buy me the same ones mom has." So now dad also has a pair (and since he's a guy they're in a darker color). They're also a diff color than mom's cuz, yeesh, I just picture them using the wrong ones and, blech. Even long-term married couples don't share Q-tips.I did dock off a star since although they pair immediately and their sound quality (listening to them) is fine for the price range, when mom calls me with them she sounds very quiet compared to her old Plantronics set. I can still hear her but I doubt I'd be able to still hear her if I was anywhere remotely loud.