I have bought other Skullcandy products before, and I have to say the sound quality of the earphones is no where near the headset sound quality.I rate the product 4 stars out of 5.I have used this set of earphones for 2 things:. Audiobook and Spotify. I dont normally answer calls on this earphones so I cannot atest for the mic quality.When listeninging to music:The sound is clear, but it leans more towards the trebles and mids, with very little bass. Granted this isn't a $30 JBL earphones, I was expecting the quality of headsets I had in the past. Maybe I was just used to Skullcandy's headsets which had very nice bass and makes you feel immersed in the song/sound. But these are in-ear earphones, which of course would have much smaller components. So if you're searching for earphones for music, these will the job, but they won't perform the best. I find I use my JBL Tune wireless earphones more if I intend to listen to music for concentration, but those don't last all day. This skullcandy earphones comes at a great 2nd. These being wired means I don't have to listen to the beeps in my ear warning me of low battery, which is great for my eardrums.Don't be deferred though, just because I like a more bassy sound in all things audio. Whether that be podcasts, instruments, or cars, for me more bass feels more present. But these also sound very crisp, clean and clear. I find songs with piano seems to sound the best, with vocals very present.For Audiobooks:These earphones are perfect for audiobooks. Even when I listen to Midnight Sun's male voice actor for Edward Cullen, the shallow base does not deter you from being IN the story. The balanced, clear and crisp vocals that comes out of these earphones lets me listen to my audiobooks from the time I clock-in at 8:30 and even after I clock out at 5pm or 8pm for that matter. They are wired earphones so I never, NEVER have to worry about the earphones running out of juice. Except of course when it's my phone that dies.Over all, these are a great pair of earphones. Only reason why I put 4 stars out of 5 is because I have heard better, deeper sound quality from Skullcandy that I just didnt hear on this pair. But even then, I only paid $14 dollars for this so I probably shouldn't expect so much.Skullcandy is still my go-to for In-Ear Earphones because their earbuds do not hurt my ears like the gels you get from Samsung earphones. I prefer the earphones like Apple's which is why I also got the JBL Tunes, but being wireless means I had to constantly take them off, wait until they charge and such. But Skullcandy's gel are not intrusive in my sensitive ears. Not to mention these do not fall off like other in-ear earphones either.Great product altogether for an affordable price!