I was asked to write a review by the company. I’ll be completely honest here.I bought this Bluetooth earpiece erroneously, as only one side of my previous set was working properly, and I bought this one thinking it would be two-sided and not one-sided. I misunderstood the product description, so I’ll take that as my fault entirely (but I don’t know, perhaps it needs to be clarified. To the company, please review it and make sure customers are aware).Nevertheless, I’m still quite pleased with it. It fits well around the ear and doesn’t fall out, as long as you make sure the bud is properly set in your ear, and the sound quality is great. I do use it for some phone calls, and people say they can hear me quite well.I did have a moment where it seemed to malfunction several times during a phone call, because the person on the other end of the line stopped being able to hear me well, with intermittent cutting in and out of my voice. I’ll need to test it again to see if that’s still an issue, because perhaps it was just a one time thing. I guess I’ll need to update review this later.The sound quality is actually very good; about as good as any other decent set of earphones, such as the ones that came for free with the Samsung phone I bought some months ago. I will say, however, that there can appear to be a “natural limitation” in sound quality with one-sided earpieces. The simple reason is that, if you try listening to any set of earphones through one ear, the quality immediately seems to drop. I don’t know why, perhaps it has something to do with how the brain perceives one-sided sound, but that’s what happens, at least to me. My brain did seem to adjust after a while, but it can be frustrating at first; it was for me, since I primarily bought this to listen to Spanish podcasts, and my listening comprehension isn’t that great, so this earpiece made it even tougher to understand those rapid tongues. So, it seems that, simply by virtue of this product being a one-sided earpiece, the sound quality will naturally seem worse than it actually is. If you need your earpiece to be one-sided, don’t knock this for sound quality. It’s about as good as it can be, and you’d probably have the same issue with any other one-sided earpiece.One issue I did take with this earpiece is that it does take some getting used to. For my ear specifically, I had some trouble deciding what would be just the right bud to use. None of them quite fit my ear like I’d like them to. My ear is quite tiny; that may be the reason. So, it can start to hurt my ear a bit after extended wear. I may have to try the softest bud again....Another issue, which was pretty annoying at first but I eventually adjusted to it, was the vibration. The sound from the earpiece vibrates the earbud just the tiniest amount, and it kept tickling my ear canal and making it itch, so I’d have to take the earpiece out and scratch my ear constantly. I eventually just chose to just sit through the vibrations, and eventually my ear adjusted so that I don’t have that problem anymore. So, if you have a bit of an adjustment period when you get this earpiece, that may end up being part of the reason why.One funny side perk of the configuration of the earpiece is that the play/pause button is facing outward laterally. Therefore, I can play and pause hands-free by just gently tapping the button with my ear against my shoulder. Very useful when I’m using the blender, my hands are wet, my parents are in the other room trying to call me for something, and I can’t hear them over my podcast! This is probably my favorite feature of the earpiece, even though it’s probably accidental and not in accordance with its intended use.But yeah, it’s actually quite good. Certainly not a “blows me out of the water” type of product, but it’s still extremely good for the price, and it suits my personal purposes. I’m happy with the product. Again, I do wish it were two-sided, but meh, that was my error, and it’s still been good enough for my purposes.Hope this is helpful to anyone trying to decide whether to buy it! Good luck!