I'm not a photographer. I literally couldn't care less what lenses or image adjustments there are. I bought this as an observation tool at the recommendation of a police sargeant I know. Couple key facts that any user should know:#1 obstacle avoidance does not work at night or even in low light. No exceptions. If you're flying at night you are on your own.#2 the vertical flight control is opposite than that of an aircraft or simulator. Pushing the joysticks forward makes the drone go up. Pulling it towards you makes the drone go down. This is not adjustable or alterable and there's literally petitions to get this changed with a firmware update. Anyone accustomed to standard flight controls should note the learning curve. The nerds at DJI got this one wrong.#3 virtually no night vision capability in no-light situations, very decent night vision in low-light situations. The camera is exceptional, is just really really great. With almost any ambient artificial light you can see well at night due to the clarity of the image. However, with only moon or stars you're flying virtually blind. From an observation standpoint this is probably only good in urban environments.#4 wow this thing is quiet. At 70ft above an objective your average person would have no idea it's there. You do the math.#5 strobe lights turn off when filming. The drone has green strobes on the front propeller arms that flash during flight. These automatically turn off when you start recording video. If you're having trouble seeing your drone stop recording. If you want your drone invisible at night hit record.#6 payload is about 100-120 grams depending on how it's oriented and fastened. Thats equivalent to about five CR123 batteries, two 12ga rounds, or one Modlite IR Flashlight with the battery in.#7 You cannot use active-tracking on a moving target. Anything you're trying to track must start stationary then start moving. That said the controls of this drone are insanely smooth and with 10 minutes of practice you can probably learn a better center-orientation than active track would provide.#8 Range is impeccable. So far I've gone to three miles from a relatively elevated position in urban environments with substantial outside radio traffic and interference, no issues. Strongly suggest setting the "lost connection" parameters to have the drone return-to-home.#9 It flies indoors just fine. Was surprised that even in a fully enclosed steel structure the drone was quite stable and easy to control. Only limited time doing this and always within 20ft-30ft of the drone.#10 *CAUTION Objects in camera are closer than they appear*. The camera is actually so wide and so clear that at only a few feet away from an object it feels like you're 10-15ft away... Hard to describe but it's a good thing, just be aware of your drone's immediate surroundings.Will update with trials in snow and light rain.Overall: For the use I bought it for, for the capability, and considering the price, I'd give this drone a solid B+ or A-. It's a great tool worth the cost that gives the user a ton of options for clear, discreet and reliable observation. Carry on.