I also own an Akaso EK 7000 model so it’s safe to say I liked that camera enough to buy this model. I bought it several years ago and is still working fine tho the batteries don’t last as long as they used to. Replacement batteries are available to purchase and it seems reasonable to me that the batteries after years of use lose their ability to hold a charge. The remote is useful and works properly.Pros: As I said it takes quality pictures and videos. It’s pretty easy to use but comes with no instructions. You need to download them, not a big deal. And, with them, the camera is pretty easy to set up and use. For video, it offers a lot of choices for resolution and other settings. It comes with a decent amount of mounts and attachments (caveats below). All in all, a pretty good alternative for the casual user especially compared to the way more expensive GoPro and other high-end cameras. I have not used this camera underwater but I have used the EK7000 a few times and had no problems with leaks. The cases are similar so I have no reason to believe this one won’t be waterproof.Cons: While there is an ample supply of different mounts, some of them are not that good and the hard smooth plastic they are made of makes it difficult to tighten them enough so they don’t stay in place especially if you’re, for instance mounting them on something that gets jostled a lot, like a bicycle. (See below.) The handles for tightening the mounts are small which means I have to use a small screwdriver to tighten them enough to keep them in place. That’s not terrible but it does make switching between mounts a bit of a hassle. I mainly use the camera on my bike and the bike mount is perhaps the worst of all. Firstly, it’s too small to fit around your average handle bars. Tightening the screws puts a lot of pressure on the mount and I could see them snapping if you tightened them too much. I could not tighten them enough to get them from swing back and forth. I had to jerryrig the mounts for both the EK7000 and this camera using rubber gaskets (I used some from an old bike headlight.) and some thick double-sided, foam mounting tape. (The accessories that came with both cameras are identical, except for the underwater case which differs only to adapt for the different placement of some of the cameras’ buttons.) Including some sizing gaskets/rubber strips as adapters would help solve the bike mounting problem But another thing about it is that the mount for the bike, without a go-between adapter (included) leaves the camera facing to the side of the bike, not facing forward. This is another design flaw I can’t figure out.Also of note: I actually like the design of the EK7000 better! They removed a flashing recording button on the top of the EK7000 to screen on the back of the Brave 4. The EK 7000 also showed the recording status on the back screen so I guess the top light was redundant but it made it MUCH easier to tell that the camera is recording while riding a bike (or quickly from a distance) when that large flashing red light was on the top and I could just look down. Now, I have to get off the bike and check the back of the Brave 4 to make sure that the camera has not stopped recording. (ie: out of battery power or recoding space, wherein the camera turns off) There’s an LED type screen on the front of the Brave 4 that I can’t figure out the purpose for. The same info it displays is on the back screen and I don’t see the need for the front screen. I don’t know, maybe I’m missing something there. I purchased the Brave 4 instead of another EK7000 because, 1) I thought it would be an improved model and indeed, some of the functions are, and 2) because the Brave comes with the mounting attachments (however flawed) included. (There are not a lot of other options when looking for alternatives. Though they come under other brand names the different packages offered on Amazon all look mysteriously similar.) When I purchased the EK 7000, it also came with all the mounts included. But now it seems it doesn’t and they need to be purchased separately. The price of the Brave 4 with the attachments was just a few dollars more that buying the EK 7000 plus the mounting accessories separately so I figured, what the heck, I’ll go for the Brave 4. In retrospect, I could have saved a few bucks and been just as happy buying another, less expensive EK7000 and the mounts separately.