I just received this, so my review is mostly first impressions. I'm also a more casual user than a professional videographer.I will be traveling a bit, and I wanted to get stabilized footage of areas I'll be going to, so when DJI released this, it was super intriguing. I have the original Ronin, which I like, but was considerably more bulky. It was nice when I got it for use with a DSLR, but I have since upgraded to a R5. This was advertised to work with a R5 and 24-70mm f/2.8. Despite that, all of the initial reviews seem to be with Sony cameras, which doesn't tell me much about its compatibility with my R5.One of the things I really like about this is the capability to lock the pan/tilt/roll axes, which means you can balance each individually. I didn't have this in the original Ronin, so this makes life so much easier. That being said, the R5 is bulkier than the Sony cameras, and I have to push the roll axis, in particular, to its limit in order to balance it. But according to the app, it's balanced. It generally works with the screen flipped out, but I don't think it's as happy about that. I will probably have to remove the viewfinder eye cup because it can catch on the RS3 Mini when I invert the gimbal. I will be getting a RODE VideoMic NTG which I would like to mount on the camera. I think it should work fine, but it'll probably limit some of the movement I can do.I tried connecting via bluetooth to this, and while after a little bit a wait, it connected to the camera. I like this particular feature because it gets rid of wires. However, I was not able to get it to record or adjust focus by pressing the record button or dial on the RS3 Mini. Maybe that's an R5 issue? Fixed with a firmware update? The included USB-C to USB-C cable allows for control of the camera. It's not super obtrusive, so if that's the option I have to live with, I'm okay with that.I really like how light this is. It will be great for travel. It would be nice to have the battery grip removable so that you can really compact this down, but I imagine that would add weight.I haven't tried it in its native vertical shooting. Not sure how much I will do with that, to be honest, but I suppose it's a nice option to have should I want to use it.Those are my first impressions. It's a nice little gimbal for a reasonable price. I think it'll serve well in a travel situation to get stabilized video. Maybe there will be some changes for the RS4 Mini, but for now, I'm happy with this.