From day one the front dial on my gimbal never worked. I kind of just assumed there was some compatibility issue with the Fuji XT-4 which come to find out, there isn't and everyone else's works just fine. Upon further investigation into the front dial I realized not even the pan, tilt, or roll functions work on top of all the camera control things such as ISO, etc. and the focus motor can't be controlled either. The front dial is completely dead. It does absolutely nothing. Everything else on the gimbal works perfectly fine and I would like to give it a good review but after dealing with their despicable low life customer service people, I can't give this anything better than 1 star. I spent the better part of 2 hours filming a long and detailed video for them showing the issues, all my settings, how the cables were connected, the whole 9 yards. I gave them screen recordings of my phone to show all the settings etc within the app. Apparently they didn't watch it or were busy texting while doing so because now after giving me the run around multiple times and asking for things I already clearly provided, they're trying to avoid honoring their warranty. They are treating me like I am stupid. I am simply using their cables and have everything hooked up the way it's instructed to be and the same way literally every other video of someone with this gimbal has theirs hooked up. It's gotten to the point where I have threatened them with legal action if they do not honor their warranty in a timely manner and have a shipping label provided for the return and have a working gimbal back to me within 7 business days. I tried to be extremely polite and nice to them during the first set of emails, during the video and all the way up until today when I saw the final enraging email asking me to labor another hour or more for them. By time this is over they're going to owe me what the gimbal is worth times a thousand at the very least on top of being legitimately billed at whatever rate I see fit for the time they've cost me. I am very hesitant to ever purchase another DJI product again after this nonsense. I bought a 739 dollar item from them and they owe me a working one, simple as that. Because I'm so disgusted by the DJI name at this point, I'm tempted to return my likely terrible quality drone I just bought. I've spent close to 2 grand with this company and they act like I'm somehow a pain for them when they haven't even provided a working item.UPDATE - after some questionable customer service initially they did a great job making the situation right. they provided me a shipping label to send it back in and were very prompt about taking care of it resulting in a full replacement of the other since the whole control panel was deemed defective. The replacement seems to be working great and everything functions perfectly. they also gave me a code to get a free micro sd card on their site which i got and they also put another one in the return package with the new gimbal so ultimately they gave me 60 dollars of micro sd cards and replaced the gimbal under warranty and had it back to me in just over a week which was great. the 60 dollars of micro sd cards was a nice touch to remedy the situation but is still far short of what my time is worth for the hassle. regardless, i'm happy to have a working gimbal for the first time since purchasing it and upped it to 4 stars. the one star reduction is for the original customer service issue and the raven eye being not all that great. it has a delay and doesn't really run that smooth. the camera doesn't follow very smoothly regardless of settings. you can adjust it to be better no doubt but it still leaves a lot to be desired. for what it is though and comparing the cost to say a high quality product like the jibone and the 3 axis gimbal head that runs legit pro level, it's decent since that set up is about 3 grand vs the roughly 800 with taxes for the ronin set up. all in all i do recommend the gimbal. it has a ton of useful features and for regular gimbal work it runs super smooth and gives you incredible looking footage so for the most part it's a great product.