*EDIT- it is now october 2022, and I'mnot sure if tsokebody read my complaints here and addresed them in the following updates (updates that you dont realize are happening all the time) but pretty much all of the issues listed in this review - havent noticed since writing this review now that I just came across it again. I dont know if this was a "growing pains" situation gor the app/software, or if this was a genuine issue that worked itself out somehow. But either way I have not had any deal breaker type of issues with this camera in many months now, and it has been recording away 24/7 in the position I set it to point now for a while. Definitely a good purchase for the $20-ish price range compared to others I the same range. Updating my original review below from 2 stars to 4 stars at this point... not 5, only because there are still things the hardware is more than capable of doing that are not available due to the software or cannot be used unless you pay blurams additional money for their cloud services that no one really needs, as long as you own an sd card, and that shouldn't be aloud to be a thing... unfortunately though, all cameras in this price range have this same exact featureless software to control it without paying the company's extra for cloud recording. They've pretty much all adopted this type of business model now, so I can't knock blurams in particular more than just 1 star for that alone. Deffinately didn't expect this camera to last recording to SD on 24/7 loop like it had been for longer than a few momths. Overall it's a smart device that I havent toyed around with or had to opem the app for any reason at all in momths now, which is what your aiming for with any smart device. Pleasantly surprised with this little burams camera hardware. Not at all impressed with the software, but also not wntirely dissapointed either. More control and capabilitiesthan most others, IF you pay the $2/momthly subscription. Whis is extremely reasonably priced by the way, but It's not the cost i take issue with, its the deceptive sales model that seemingly all sub $100 camera brands have all adopted at this point.*The camera will not re-center itself after motion detection, and gets stuck looking at a blank wall. Only way yo fix this is to stop recording to SD and use cloud uploads only for it to function properly is what I've learned after being on my 3rd replacement device now. If you turn off the motion tracking feature and just leave it in one position though it seems to work just fine with SD recording, BUT.... the push notifications for qhen it fetes a person, motion, ect. Are instant when only recording to the cloud, and are delayed by a full minute at least when you have "playback from SD" selected in the settings.Yo sum it up the hardware is great and works great without an SD card in it, but given its features and 90% of people buy this for that exact selling point of having an SD card slot and not having to rely on a cloud service - The firmware for these blurams cameras needs to be updated BADLY because I really do like the device but it's seemingly being overloaded by recording HQ TO the SD card at the same time that it is uploading to the cloud and it just overloads it to the point where the auto tracking feature and re-entering functions of the actual hardware get canceled out like ctrl+alt+del on a computer because it just dosent have the available resources to handle all of this at once... ice came home everyday the past week now yo my camera being on with the night vision on, but the actually lens pointed all the way up into the off position and who knows how long it was this way for? So clearly that not acceptable and this issue needs to be fixed. If it ever get a firmware update to allow the primary record and playback from to be the SD card and make the cloud uploads a secondary backup that the camera uploads when it is proccessing nothing else, that's all it would take to make this a perfect camera and I would change my review to 5 stars... but as it currently sits, this I not an auto motion tracking camera if you plan to use an SD card and I almost feel like they know this and have the firmware designed this way purposely to sell their (fairly priced & good) cloud services, which I absolutely refuse and purposely bought this camera because of the SD card slot. I do not want my entire 2.4ghz band of my network being maxed out around the clock because of a little security camera, which is exactly what happens anytime it records an event unless you turn the cloud recording off....and once you turn it off from what I read in the app. Rhee is no way to reactivate your remaining trial time and you just lose it so 🙄🤷🏼‍♂️ FIX YOUR PURPOSELY BROKEN FIRMWARE BLURAMS. PEOPLE WILL BUY YOUR CLOUD SERVICE WHO WANT IT, WHEN ITS OBVIOUS YOURE PRODUCT IS SEEMINGLY BROKEN DUE TO THE FIRMWARE, PEOPLE WILL REFUSE TO SPEND MORE MONEY ON A BROKEN PRODUCT QHETHER ITS DONE PURPOSELY IN THE FIRMWARE OR NOT 😑🤦🏼‍♂️.. PEOPLE NEED A FUNCTIONING PRODUCT TO FEEL COMFORTABLE EVEN CONSIDERING TO HAND OVER EVEN MORE MONEY TO THE SAME COMPANY FOR MORE BROKEN PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 🗣🗣🗣...lol just makes sense, right? I'm just sayin though 🤷🏼‍♂️🥱Again - Update my firmware and unbreakable my product with the solution I just gave you guys, or some otherVERY easy to write firmware permanent solution to all the glitches when recording 24/7 to SD card and I give you my word I will give this product the 5 stars that it deserves if it weren't for the obvious and product breaking issues.... And hurry before I send this one back ad well and start this whole proccess again with a different model/company because I'm running out of patience messing with the current firmware 🙄🤷🏼‍♂️ thanks 👍