Purchased this little camera for a piece of mind as we were going to be away from home for a vacation. I purchased a SD card to go with it to record any events while we were away. I like that you can use the camera without purchasing an online monthly subscription account. I dislike the fact that you can't adjust it to record longer than the set time limit without an online monthly subscription account. I like that you can set up several cameras on one account and share with family so they can also monitor them. I was not happy that the camera quit recognizing the SD card while we were away which also limited our view of the area we purchased the camera to monitor. It has done this twice& I removed the sd card and reinserted it and it recognizes the sd card again. The picture & sound quality are good & you can set the sensitivity for movement & sound detection separately which is nice. You can view live stream online through the app and even talk through the camera to someone & hear them when they reply. It also allows you to set off an alarm sound in live view through the app if needed. You can also have it track movement or not. This can be a little glichy. I have ours installed upside down so I can see three different locations and it loses me going from one room to the next more often than not. Installing upside down was a nice feature though as you can set it to rotate the image so it appears correctly when viewing it online. You can also set it up to not record during set times. When I turn it off from the app, however, it will still push notifications to me every few hours saying it went offline which is a little confusing. I have to unplug it if I want to leave it off for any length of time in order to not continue to receive notifications. It also moves around while off (but screen stays covered) before it pushes a notification telling you it went offline when I have it turned off in the app (?). Another dislike, I have an outdoor camera by another manufacturer that I am able to format the sd card on remotely, without removing it from the camera, which this camera doesn't do. Overall, I am happy with this little camera and the piece of mind it provided while we were away. Now home, I'll be able to use it whenever I go out to keep an eye on the dogs to be sure they are watching the house. 😃