After reading MANY good reviews about the Diamond Backs I had to give them a try. I had actually purchased the Nikon Monarch 5 bino and couldn't loose the nagging feeling that the Diamond Backs were better and less expensive.The Diamond Backs have a very rugged look and feel them. They are light and feel good in the hand. The eye relief is decent but could be better for those who, like me, wear glasses. The hinge pivot was a little tight but nothing to complain about. The case that comes with the DBs is a soft shell clam type case. It looks nice but may be a bit harder to stow if your needing space because its not something you want to "crush".As far as the optics, they are good but not what I would call fantastic. There is clarity but not an impressive amount crisp definition or color "pop out". If you are coming from a $40 bino to these you'll probably be quite impressed. If you are comparing these to other mid-range binoculars, you probably won't be disappointed but not overly impressed either.Many reviewers in other forums preferred the DBs over Nikon Monarchs. Because of the dates on the posts, I really think that they were comparing older Monarchs to the DBs, maybe the Monarch 3 or ATB. As compared to the newer Monarch 5, the Diamond Backs don't measure up. However, in their price range the Diamond Backs are a good choice that I am sure many people would be satisfied with. The Nikon Monarch 5 is more expensive, but I feel like the extra quality was worth the cost. I returned the Diamond Backs after my field test.I was able to obtain a set of Vortex Talon HD binos and test them. The Talon's are far superior to the Diamond Backs in every way except weight and comfort. They are also $250 more.If you are on a budget, don't want to spend more than $300 on a pair of binoculars or have never had a quality pair of binos you will probably be happy with the Diamond Backs. If you are looking for the best in a mid-range bino and don't mind the added cost, I'd go for the Vortex Talon or Nikon Monarch 5 or 7 (there are others out there also but I have not used them).It really is best to test a pair of binos before you buy because, as with many things, what makes a good binocular is a matter of preference.