Overall, I think this is a great camcorder, great size, easy to use and the video quality has been awesome (thus the 5-stars in the separate categories). I am definitely not a pro and really just use it for recreation, so please make sure you read other reviews which will give you a better assessment on the video quality.The main reason I am writing this review is to "give someone a heads up" on a couple of things which is the reason why I only gave it 4-stars.I mainly use this camcorder to record my daughter's soccer games. Again, the video quality looks great. The issue that I am dealing with has to do with my current setup which may or may not apply to you. I decided to purchase a Hague Camera Support Aerial Mast System that has a "manual pan & tilt head" and extends about 20' in height. This will help get a better angle & coverage of the soccer field but requires you to use either wireless camcorder which this is or a field monitor with physical remote or LANC jack.Unfortunately, this camcorder doesn't come or have the ability of using a physical remote. Nor does it have a LANC Jack. Thus, you have to use the wireless link to your cell phone for you to use it remotely, which is extremely lagging and the delay from the camera to the phone makes this camcorder useless to record sports.I thought I could use field monitors like the Atomos Ninja and Atomos Shinobi, some of which can cost just as much as the camcorder itself but it still doesn't solve the issue. That brings up another issue but it sounds like this maybe an issue with most camcorders that shoot 4k. If you plan on using an external field monitor, this camcorder will not record/output 4k and will only allow you to record/output HD or 1080p.Last issue....Panasonic hasn't updated the firmware since it's release and that's truly unfortunate.As I stated, this camcorder is only an issue when I record soccer games using the aerial mast. It's great for all other things and truly think it's a great value. However, if I knew about this before; I would have gone with another camcorder that comes with either a physical remote or LANC jack. I would also make sure this is a product that gets it firmware updated as well.Hope that helps,Glenn