Update:Knocking a star off. Still a decent headset. Discovered a couple, to me, significant deficiencies, since my original review.1) Battery life is far lower than rated 12 hour. getting about 8, maybe. Mostly listening to podcasts.2) Lack of low battery warning. If there is one, I never heard it. The other earphones I have used all have clear warnings , usually stating '20% battery remaining' and such. I have not had any warning, and ran out of battery 2 times so far.3) the buttons on the neckband are really not logical, or marked what they do.4) battery indicator is on the other side of the neckband than the charging port. Not a big deal, just odd.5) no 'over top of ear' wire routing like others I have used. Just a preference.6) I miss having an add-on charged battery to greatly increase the use of the product without having to find a charging port. Not easy when out of the home/car.On the positive side, I have found the phone function and quality is very good. No complaints from anyone I have talked to about the sound quality on my end. Most headsets I have used were bad to very bad. These are very good.From a dead battery, I charged about 20 minutes, got about 20% battery (according to the app). I guess that is pretty good. Using the headset as i type. Battery is now 15% after about 25 minutes of use (podcast listening)Still don't like the neckband. Prefer over top of ear, tight around the head wire style with nothing on my neck.Still, the sound quality for music, when equalized using your music app, is very good. Sound and mic quality are very good for phone.The business end of this set is there.Original review below:Coming from an older pair of similar Jaybird headphones. Purchased these because they seemed similar.Seems a lot of review are doing pros and cons. Seems reasonable. Impressions below pros/cons.Pros:lightweightfits my earsfast chargingsimple controls (also a con)good sound..well..after using your music app's EQ to adjust to your hearing levelphone/mic seems very good.consdisposable product. No adding/changing batteries that I can see.during quiet songs, you can hear sound transmitted from your clothing, etc. Not terrible. Just something new and odd.non-intuitive simple controls (simple to learn, however)no app to fine tune the headphones to your hearing level and tones to your ears.out of the box, sound is flat and zero bass. using your music app like Amazon Prime Music, you can tune an equalizer and greatly improve the soundrelatively low volumenot crazy about feeling the cord on my earlobes and the band on my neck.Impressions:Not bad for the price. Initially, I thought they were horrible. Turned on the EQ in Amazon Prime Music, which fixed that ! Out of the box , the sound is unimpressive, to say the least. Not crazy about the semi-rigid band. I liked the all wire of the Jaybird, as you could have it conform to your head with no movement for a real nice fit, making you even forget you had them on. These, you always know you have them on, as you can feel them on your earlobe and on your neck.Even with the annoyances, will give it 5 stars. Will revisit the review if there is any significant updateNutshell, they are almost identical to a $15 set I have, in all respect except these do sound a lot better. Is it worth the price... ehhh I don't know. As I listen to music writing this, I am liking them a LOT less than my old Jaybird Freedom. The sound quality (after setting up the EQ) is better, however, but the neck band is getting more annoying