These comments apply to Beats Flex released in late 2020.I got this item to replace a set I bought in early 2020 from another store. That set was great, but the left bud housing cracked when I fell asleep while wearing them. Besides that lack of durability and phone call quality, I liked the original product enough to repurchase it (at a sale price). Even so, I have some issues with the new set. My impressions are below.Connectivity: These Flex does not connect as easily to my phone nor remain connected as reliably for listening (see the phone audio quality comments below). I use these Flex with the same phone as before, but the performance aspect of the new Flex is not as good. I believe that the Android Bluetooth settings and the Beats app (Android) interact differently with the new Flex. Where the older Flex seemed to connect quickly, these new Flex require different user actions. Finally, on this point, I have not linked these to my Macbook; however, my old Flex worked flawlessly--and sounded great with the Macbook.Sound quality: These Flex sound good, but the bass is a bit wanting. I prefer a prominent low-end response, and the low-end on the Flex does not sound as good as the previous set. The highs and mid-range are clear, crisp, and not harsh or too bright, even at higher listening levels. I have not listened to Apple Spatial Audio content. The Dolby Atmos feature sounds about the same compared to the older Flex.Phone audio quality: These Flex sound great and are superior to the quality of my older Flex. The difference is dramatic. The connection during phone use is stable and quiet with little noise.Comfort: These Flex are less comfortable because the cord between the buds seems shorter or less flexible. I haven't concluded yet. The ear tips also seem harder and do feel as comfortable. If I find my broken set, I will swap tips. My initial perceptions of (dis)comfort may be due to insufficient break-in time. If I determine this is the case, I will update this point.Battery performance: The new Flex provide long listening time. I have frequently gotten more than 12ours of non-continuous use between charges. I am pleased by the battery performance.Other features/Accessories: Flex comes with an assortment of 4 different-sized eartips and a USB-C to USB-C cable for charging Flex. The cable is much too short for my use, being only about 4-6 inches in length. I have not used the cable because it is inconvenient, and I do not own a USB-C charging adapter; however, I have a suitable adapter supplied with my phone. In the box, as they say, should be a longer cable and an appropriate adapter.