I've waited to write my review until I had fully tested it in all conditions. I've owned it for almost a year now. I use it with my LG G8X (single phone, will not work with dual screen). The phone fits perfectly with the case off. It doesn't quite balance with the Spigen phone case I use.Pros-Image stabilization!-I've tested it running, walking, and even standing still. It stays smooth and gets rid of a majority of the jitter you get when you take steps.Weight!-It is heavy enough to keep everything stable, but not so heavy that it wears your arm out if you film for hours on it! (And yes you can film for hours on a single charge!)Battery Life!-I've had it for almost a year and have charged it maybe 10 times. I use it between 30 minutes to 2 hours at a time, about every other week. It doesn't even take that long to charge either!Mounts!-The mini table top tripod is great for doing "talking head" videos. It is also great for a little extra hand holding space if you want to hold with both hands for added stability or security.-Having the standard tripod mount point on the bottom allows for using a mount bracket extension bar. I have my Neewer CM14 shotgun mic mounted on one side of the extension and the gimbal to the other. Then put the table tripod on the bottom for an excellent table/counter top setup for videos, or you can walk and talk with it!The app!-It has great tune-ability for the gimbal. You can adjust the speed it tilts and turns. You can invert the thumbstick to change the direction it moves when pressing it different ways. There are a few other settings that you can adjust as well, if you want to dive deep in and thoroughly investigate this thing!--CONS--The app-Yup! It is both a pro and a con!-The camera on the app is garbage. It might work for some people, but it lowers the quality quite a lot! While it does auto zooms to avoid seeing the gimbal in the corner of the image, my standard lens in my normal camera mode avoids it and has a lot better image. Having the tune-ability of the stock camera app for custom ISO, Exposure, Color correction, etc is far better than the hohem app.Not good for breezy/windy outside filming-The stabilizer moves itself to try and correct for the wind and ends turning itself all the way.------------Long story short, it is a great gimbal with amazing stabilization for far less than you'd pay for a DJI or other name brand! Would I recommend this to others? YES! I gave it 4 stars! It would have a 5 star if it weren't for the wind correcting and the terrible camera in the app! So if you are hesitant on buying this gimbal, DON'T WAIT ANOTHER SECOND! Click the add to cart or buy now button!