So I have had a Passport 9500ix for as long as I can remember and this is the first non-Escort brand radar detector that I have owned. First, the build quality. It's good, but it doesn't feel as sturdy and rigid as my 9500ix. It's lighter and the detector just feels a little bit "cheaper" than my old 9500ix. Even the power cord feels a bit less well built. Time will tell how it holds up. I still have original parts for my 9500ix and it is 7 plus years old.Controls - this is a very easy and intuitive layout with a lot of similar operation concepts as the 9500ix. For example, to auto mute and GPS tag a false alert for future reference, you double tap the mute button on the detector or the power cord. This is identical to the 9500ix. Navigating the menu and making changes are pretty straight forward.Features - There are a lot of features and customization options for this detector. I would say that if you are looking for something that you just plug and go, this is not the detector - at least not with its default settings out of the box. I would look at the Escort line of detectors like the Max 360 if you want a plug and go/auto-learn type of detector. But, if you are willing to take the time to learn how to tweak the settings, this detector in the long run, is a better option in my opinion.Performance - This detector has insane sensitivity! First the good, KA performance is off the charts. I recently picked up a KA band radar over 5 miles away. Granted i was on a bridge over water, straight line, but this detector crushes the KA performance of my 9500ix. Not. Even. Close. I also find the rear detection sensitivity to be better as well on the Uniden R3. Running this detector with Waze gives me great confidence in sniffing out KA band in any environment. Same for K band and X band although the gap isn't quite as wide vs. the 9500ix on these two bands but still better. And herein lies the weaknesses of the R3.The Bad and the Ugly. In its stock factory settings, this unit falses constantly on K band in city/mixed driving. It's about as bad as a V1 (I have a good friend who owns one and it reminds me of a V1). You will utilize the automute/GPS function constantly to lockout annoying false alarms around town until you have driven most of your daily routes. Be prepared to constantly teach it to auto mute those annoying K band false alarms. Same goes for X band, it picks up EVERYTHING. I ended up turning off X band altogether as there are no local or state law enforcement agencies that use X band radar for traffic control where I live.I also ended up running the detector in advanced mode with K band sensitivity dialed back to 80%. I changed another setting to run it in K band Narrow mode for additional filtering of false signals. Doing this made the detector much more quiet to false alarms while still giving great detection range on K band. It is much easier to occasionally auto mute those automatic doors now than the constant double tapping that I was doing before. Most law enforcement run KA in my area. There are a few local agencies that use K, but I can attest that even with these filtered settings my R3 is still better than my 9500ix on K band.The Ugly. Blind Spot Filtering. I came into this hoping to get much better performance versus my old 9500ix. It's better at BSF than the 9500ix, but not by much. My old 9500ix would pickup mostly GM cars and Honda made cars BSF K band signals. When it did, it would usually peg the alarm and scare the living Jesus out of me for a moment thinking that I just got popped with Instand On radar. While the R3 isn't this extreme, it's still a chatty Cathy on the highway. The alerts tend to be for a couple of seconds with the signal meter staying low. It's more like a hey I got something here but not like the sky is falling that my 9500ix was prone to do. I also would say that the weakest link for BSF is that it will false everytime if you are around a Honda/Acura automobile. Uniden needs to do a better job with BSF as both Radenso and Escort seem to have solved the Honday/Acura problem with their latest firmware updates.So there it is, my real world opinion. I've had detectors for decades and travel extensively on the road. The R3 is the most sensitive detector that I've ever laid eyes on. Easily beats my 9500ix and even bested my buddy's Valentine V1. But with that sensitivity comes a price......you must customize the settings to reign in the K band false alerts or it will constantly go off around town in mixed driving. With that said, with factory settings, it's still not as chatty as my buddy's V1. There are other things you could do with the R3 to more severely restrict K band sensitivity, but it's a fine line between performance and quiet. I'd also recommend running with X band turned off if you know for sure that it isn't used for traffic control where you live. KA is superb, wouldn't trade it for the world. I can't comment on Laser as I haven't encountered a situation yet where I live. It's kind of less important to me though because to defeat Laser and have legitimate protection, you really need a jammer.So would I recommend it? Absolutely, but knowing that you have to make changes to tame the K band chattiness of the detector. There are so many options available in terms of customizing the R3. I'm hopeful that with the next firmware release, Uniden will catch up to the other manufacturers improvement with BSF - especially with Hondas!UPDATE!!! SO I’ve had this detector for almost two years now and here are some additional thoughts. I’ve had to replace suction mounts and the power cord because as mentioned in my initial review, they aren’t as sturdy as my old Escort 9500ix. Not a deal breaker but Uniden can do better.Second, the BSM filtering has gotten better with the K-Block feature in the latest firmware. With that said it’s still not as quiet as an Escort detector but completely good enough for interstate driving. The few falses that I get are momentary and easy to figure out.The R-3 is no longer the king of long range, that would go to the R-7, Valentine 1 Gen 2, or the Escort Redline and if I had to pick one of those I’d pick the R-7. Why? Because of the price/performance and the fact that you don’t have to run additional apps on your phone to harness all of the detector’s features. You still have to train it like the R-3, but once you do that’s it. With the V1 your windshield looks like a science fair project because you have to run apps (V1 Gen2) to take advantage of all of the detector’s features. Additionally someone needs to tell Escort that the price of their new Redline is just stupid. Totally not worth it when matched up against the R-7 or V1 Gen2.But back to the R-3 because for the money it is still an insanely good deal for the price and still has crazy good range. Yes it doesn’t have the range of the new big three or arrows like them, but it will still perform like a champ when you need it to do so and is still the best single antenna detector in my opinion.