I tried these out already being a big fan of TOZO. I’ve owned both the T12 and the T6 earbuds.When I first began to open these, I was very pleased with the packaging. Not everyone finds this kind of detail to be so important like I do, but I did very much enjoy how they were packaged.When I first took them out, I was a little concerned with whether or not I would be able to feel comfortable with them in. My ears seem to struggle with ear buds and a lot of the time it’s hard for me to fit ear buds in my right ear properly. I lost some of my concerns though as I was removing all of the contents. There were five more sets of the silicone pieces in various sizes for me to chose from.The case is a nice design. I like the light up dots that tell you how charged it is, and I really love that the case takes usb-c type connectors!One of the first things that I noticed when I had put the earbuds in was the fact that they definitely provided solid noise-cancellation. There were lawn mowers being used close by and I was easily able to drown out that noise. I listened to some music and found that the audio quality was great. Then I had my boyfriend call me. The audio quality was still great. However, for him it sounded like I was going in and out of sounding muffled while speaking. I did try to adjust some of the things that could be contributing to this problem, but it continued to be a problem. Lastly, I played some CODM while wearing these. Again, great audio quality. In fact, the noise cancellation definitely helped me with hearing what direction various sounds were coming from and I was able to hear more quiet sounds that I typically wouldn’t.The only other things that I feel would be note-worthy are the ease of using the controls on the earbuds. One problem that I had was with how difficult it seemed to locate the spot that I’m supposed to be tapping. However, in the past I have really struggled with how easy it was to touch the ones on the T6 pair that I own, so I do feel that it might be an advantage to have the touch control area be as small as it is. Lastly, mine were not detecting triple taps very well. I did a lot different testing with this to try to determine how I may be doing something incorrectly, but from what I was able to tell it was the earbuds that were the problem in this situation.In summary,Pros:-Comfortable in my ears-Audio quality is great in various uses like listening to music, playing games, or being on the phone-Touch control has a smaller sized sensor, so less accidental touches-Various size options for the silicone pieces that go on the earbudsCons:-Microphone isn’t the greatest, which can make phone calls difficult-Touch controls aren’t the best and make it difficult to use accurately