TL;DR: Excellent sound quality, requires some additional peripherals and you may need to adjust your speaking habits. You may experience a hardware quirk. Research how you plan to use it before buying.** Note 1/31/2021 **Amazon deprecated the review commenting functionality and there were a lot useful comments/responses on this review: In short, there is a firmware update on the Samson website that corrects the issue I noted at the bottom of my review. An alternative solution to the firmware is using hardware (a usb HUB with physical switches). Note that their website 'samsontech' lacks an SSL certificate so its still not HTTPS--in 2021; as a result, Chrome users will get a not secure indication at the top of the page. It's also a very quick and dirty MFC app that updates the firmware--you'll see what I mean when/if you decide to use it.The microphone itself is of excellent value. When I compare the sound quality from my current recordings to past recordings with alternative microphones I've used, the Samson Q2U definitely sounds the most "professional" while being in the same price range as my two other microphones (the Blue Snowball and Antlion ModMic 5). By "professional", I describe this as my voice sounds very clear, natural and detailed (voice sounds fuller and doesn't seem like I'm speaking through a tin can), and there is virtually no background noise.My setup for the Samson Q2U is the microphone along with a 'NEEWER Adjustable Boom Arm' to hold the mic. The Q2U sports a 3.5mm audio port on the bottom. The port is a nice touch since I have two wide monitors and my desktop itself sits on the right side, while my main monitor (along with the Mic) is on the left side. It saves me the trouble of dealing with an additional long headphone cable on top of a long USB cable (for the mic).The Q2U is a dynamic microphone so it typically only picks up loud noises. Regardless, I still run it with low gain to further reduce background noise (such as mechanical keyboard pummeling and furious mouse clicking). This requires me to speak directly into the microphone in order to be picked up clearly--as a person who is naturally soft spoken and moves around a lot, I needed to project my voice more and be diligent at staying centered in front of the mic.In terms of sound quality, the Snowball and Q2U were the closest, however the Snowball, in contrast to the Q2U, is a condenser microphone and picked up a lot more background noise. Reducing the gain on the Snowball required me to move closer to it (the stand it comes with is short so I had to lean into it), and doing so also meant I had to get a pop filter. The Snowball is also heavier than the Q2U (and is top heavy because of its form factor). Placing it in front of my keyboard/mouse meant accidentally knocking it over at times. I could have use the Snowball along with a boom arm, but its form factor along with the pop filter made it a little bit too obtrusive for my taste. The Q2U also comes with a stand but is not top heavy so it is more stable.The Antlion ModMic is probably my favorite because it doesn't require a boom arm or a microphone stand that may get in your way. Unfortunately the sound quality of the modmic is marginally better than microphones you'd find on gaming headsets (I've used the Razer Carcharias and Steel Series Siberia V2). Headset microphones typically make your voice sound tinny and almost 'phone like'.My only gripe with the Samson Q2U is that there is a strange problem with the device (otherwise I'd get five stars): Upon booting up my computer, the microphone's power indicator flashes red and green rapidly and will continue doing so indefinitely. While it is flashing, the microphone is unusable--the microphone will output static. In order to address this, I have to unplug and reinsert the USB cable every time I power cycle my computer. This is a known issue with the microphone and appears to have been reported in other reviews and forum posts on the internet as well, but does not appear to have an official solution. Do note, however, that the issue seems to be present on other USB microphones as well. For reference my motherboard is an ASRock AB350 ITX motherboard.