I have had the jaybirds for around 2 months at this point. I was looking for a different pair of earbuds so that I could have music with me while running or hiking and was introduced to the world of nonbudget earbuds. The problem that I was looking to solve while getting a new pair of earbuds was the earbuds falling out while running. After looking around for a while and watching some video reviews/comparisons I settled on the Jaybirds. This was because along with a snug fit they were the toughest on the market that I was able to find (they have to be when the recommended cleaning method by the manufacturer is to rinse them in the sink), which is a big selling point. After using these for a while I can say that they never failed in terms of surviving the environment. I have used them for exercise for a while now sometimes in the rain and whatnot. They have also never fallen out while moving around.All of that being said I'll quickly go over what I see as cons with them. I have not found them to be the most comfortable things that I have ever worn. They are by no means unwearable and it probably just something to do with my ears but I do not know. Also, if you are outside and it is windy, I have found it best to turn off the special modes, those being surround sense and noise cancelling. Noise cancelling seems to give a static like noise and surround sense, though being better than the noise cancelling, is still not as good as just having these both off in my opinion.Overall though. I have no regrets in buy these as they have done exactly what I wanted them to. I have nothing to say about the built in microphones as I have not heard what they sound like myself and I have never really gotten any comments about my sound quality when talking to others. I also would not consider myself a good person to ask about the sound quality as I do not really have the experience with a range of products as others do, I will say that I have no problems with it but as I said, I am not the best here.