During an extended medical leave of absence, the world changed and we were attacked by a pandemic that left my company scurrying to send everyone to work from home full-time. On my return to work months later, everyone was still at home but expected to return "any day now." As such, my manager was adamant that I not take any equipment home w/ the exception of my laptop. I usually work w/ dual monitors at minimum and now I'm being forced to work from a tiny laptop screen. I cursed myself for getting rid of my personal monitors during my recent move. But, hey, it's only for a few weeks, I can make this work.Only that "few weeks" turned into a month, and then another month, and then another month, and I'm still working my happy arse from home. During this time, I discovered that my monitors weren't the only issue. I facilitate numerous meetings regularly as part of my job. Participating in those meetings using my personal mobile device while simultaneously needing to share my screen and navigate multiple documents quickly became tiring. Cell phone on speakerphone in one hand while playing w/ the computer w/ the other hand. Mute and put the cell phone down during some discussions. Forget to unmute the phone after picking it back up. I am not a stranger to virtual meetings, but usually I have a headset so that there is minimal back & forth fiddling with phones and computers. But, hey, just a few more weeks!A neverending few more weeks. After the latest extension to "a few more weeks," I said screw it and started browsing headsets that I could connect to my cell phone. Sounds like a simple enough task. Unfortunately, I have deformed ears--some folks over the years have referred to them as "Dumbo" ears. They're different sizes, different shapes, and they do not play well w/ most headphones or earbuds. The dratted things never stay in and fall off/out (the headphones/earbuds; not the ears!). Repeatedly. Of course these are exactly the type of headsets that I keep coming across during my search until a friend suggested that I look up trucker headsets.Finally! I found a more traditional headset that could be paired w/ my cell phone. As an extra bonus, it didn't cost $200-300 for something I anticipate only using for "a few more weeks." It was actually so low in price that I assumed there would be quality issues, if it even worked at all, but I decided to give it a whirl anyway.And I am glad that I did!The headset is sturdy, quick charging, easy to pair w/ your bluetooth device, and appears professional if that sort of thing matters to you.The noise cancelling works perhaps a little too well in that there are times I'm uncertain whether or not I'm even connected to the call any longer because it is so goshdarned quiet! I had to check in w/ a colleague to confirm that it was working the first time I used it.Setting the headset on the charging base is a minor inconvenience at times as you have to set it just so to confirm that it is properly seated for a charge. Alternatively, if that's too much of a hassle, you can use the microUSB cable to charge directly.There's a sweet spot for my comfort. For the first hour or so, I cannot tell that I'm wearing it, but then it becomes painfully apparent to one ear--until it grows accustomed to it and eventually is no longer an issue. Remember my dumbo ears! I'm going to blame this at least partially on my deformities and not the headset itself.Features that could be improved include the following:- The microphone is rigid and inflexible, which is slightly irksome because I'm accustomed to being able to bend them slightly toward/away from me. Easily forgotten about once it grows on you, however.- There is a single button used to control multiple functions. This multifunction button does a number of things and seems a bit convoluted because I can't easily remember what does what unless I refer to the user manual. I choose to ignore the multifunction button except to turn the headset on/off, so this is another minor issue.- To use the mute functionality, you must simultaneously press down both volume buttons on the earpiece, which isn't the easiest thing to do during a call and I'm not sure that you can tell when you're actually muted. This is yet another feature I simply ignore. Instead, I use the mute on my phone itself now that I can keep my phone set down without repeatedly picking it up, putting it down, and fiddling w/ it every few minutes.Overall, the headset does what it is intended to do and does it well. Features that aren't quite up to par are understandable given the price point and easily worked around. If you are searching for a cost-effective, functional headset that does the job, then this might be the one for you--even if you don't share my proclivity with Dumbo!