I received my headphones a couple of days ago and have only used them for maybe 4 - 5 hours so far. Here are my initial impressions.Pros:-Great battery life so far.-Microphone is amazing.-Audio is fantastic after personalizing it to suit my ears.-After customizing the earbuds and wingtips to my liking, it felt like I would get ear fatigue after extended use. Seems like this isn't an issue for me which I am happy about.-Can connect to 2 Bluetooth enabled devices at a time. You can't listen to the devices at the same time, but it'll swap back and forth automatically when it detects audio being played.Cons:-It has 3 modes: Stereo, Mono, and Call. You cannot adjust the controls for Call mode. You are able to use touch controls to answer, decline, or hang up the call, but this means you can't adjust the volume or swap between ANC and transparency mode (You can still do this manually, just not with touch controls).-Would it kill them to add a mute gesture?-The case is very bulky compared to my previous ones. They look nice, but don't expect them to be comfortable in tight pockets.-Minor gripe, but not the easiest to remove headphones from the charging case.-Must download app to use noise cancellation. I'm not sure why this isn't an option by default.-ANC seems mediocre. It does soften the sound of your surroundings, but don't expect it to be deadly quiet or anything. I've never owned any headphones with ANC before, so take this with a grain of salt.Neutral:-Can edit controls and change EQ by downloading their app. I personally don't like downloading excess apps onto my phone. Can probably just uninstall it after customizing it to your tastes, but it also comes with firmware updates which is probably a good thing.-Wireless charging makes a clicking noise. I was concerned at first since my phone doesn't do this, but a quick search online shows this is normal, and I don't need to worry about any explosions.Update: After using the headphones for about a week, I have a couple new observations.First, when LDAC is turned on, there are times when the audio momentarily spasms/glitches out. This happens maybe around once every 20 - 30 minutes or so. It does say in the app that enabling LDAC may make you occasionally experience connection instability, but I imagine most buyers wouldn't know this until after they already made the purchase. Note multipoint and LDAC can not be activated at the same time either.Second, there is some latency between the headphones and the device it is connected to. This is normal, but I thought I'd mention it anyway. YouTube seems to do a good job detecting and accounting for this, but if you play games or watch videos on a different streaming platform, you'll notice a delay between actions on the screen and the audio coming out of your headphones.