I am impressed of the performance of these wireless buds for this price range. I mainly wanted to try it out of curiosity, using it for listening to music on my phone. While it doesn't exceed my overall expectations, I am fairly satisfied.Getting started with the Soundcore Liberty Pro 3 is straightforward. Just take the buds out of the packaging, install your preferred eartip and ear wing (?) sizes, pair the wireless buds with your device, and you're good to go.For first time use I recommend downloading the companion Soundcore app on your smartphone. You'll be able to get the most out of these buds if you customize them via the app. Lots of things can be changed such as the connection quality (they support LDAC for best music quality), noise cancelling (which can be tailor fit to your ears using the HearID system), and the sound signature (also can be tailor fit using HearID). You can also customize gestures for various functionalities for easy access. In my opinion the app is one of the best value-adds for this product. My only complaint is one time it wiped my customizations for the Liberty Pro 3, but so far has only happened once.Sound quality is so-so, nothing to write home about, but not terribly disappointing either. In my opinion these buds shine in the vocal department (seems they were designed for calls?). I enjoyed female vocals in particular with these buds. For me the vocal presence is just right - not too elevated, but still discernible from the rest of the songs. Bass is present, but seems to sound artificially elevated and bloated at times, most notable in electronic music tracks that are bass-heavy. Treble can get a bit sibilant and you'll notice this with cymbals and strings. For this price range I can't complain, but admittedly there are better options sound quality wise. I recommend fine-tuning the EQ using the Soundcore app, especially to tame the trebles, and to make the bass sound more natural.Active noise cancellation is surprisingly good, especially if you use the app to calibrate the ANC to your ears. With a good seal on the buds I could hear minimal noise while commuting. The transparency mode lets you hear people talking to you for example and is quite convenient in certain cases.I don't have any complaints with the battery life. I've been using these more or less every weekend for the past month and I haven't needed to charge the case yet. Every time I take them out of the case they're always fully charged with minimal battery drain on the case itself.Are the Soundcore Liberty 3 Pros a good buy? I'd say wait for a price drop and these can be great value for the money. At a $110 asking price, I'd consider other options before buying these.