I've been using these headphones for six weeks and my verdict is in: they're excellent. They really get the job done at a surprisingly low price. I bought them because my gym was driving me nuts. They blast the music way too loud, and while 99% of the people working out are wearing their own headphones. Why do they do it? I HAVE NO IDEA.I listen to Audible novels in the gym. I can't stand ear buds, and my trusty old lightweight on-the-ear headphones let way too much noise in, even when I'd crank the volume all the way up, which made me worry about hearing damage. So I decided to try over-the-ear buckets with noise cancellation. I was skeptical that this model would be decent at such a low price, but I was wrong. Here's what I discovered:Comfort: very comfortable. Even after 90 minutes I have no trace of head or ear fatigue. They're just plain comfy. And they're snug enough that they do not shift at all during my workouts.Sound quality: I'm no expert but it seems perfect for music and audio books.Noise cancellation: WOW! I'd never tried noise cancellation before and it's amazing. Put them on and click the noise cancellation button and suddenly it feels like a dome of silence was lowered around you. I kept turning off the button and partially removing the headphones just to verify the difference and wow, very cool. Almost all of the cacophony of the gym is greatly diminished -- all of the machines, banging weights, treadmills and everything seem to disappear. Same on an airplane. Same at my doctor's office waiting room when I sat next to some kind of noisy dehumidifier -- I pressed the button and the noise from the machine literally disappeared. Blew my mind.The only problem and why I give it 4.5 stars instead of 5: In the gym, most of the background noise goes away, and same with the blasting music bass sounds and instruments, all gone -- however, the music VOCALS are still there. But they are reduced a decent amount. I'd say reduced from a 10 to a 5, whereas the other noises are reduced to a 2 or 1 or even zero. So I can still hear the vocals, but it's not distracting and my audio book is easily heard.So given all that, this is a great product that I'd buy again. Very impressive!UPDATE: after writing this review I wondered why the noise cancelling was not very effective with vocals. So I googled some articles and learned that even the most expensive noise cancelling headphones do not do well with reducing human speech, because it is at a frequency that is too high, whereas current noise cancelling technology is most effective at lower frequencies. Bottom line: it's a weakness with all models of noise cancelling headphones!