These earbuds sounded good out of the box but came alive after playing with my phone's sound settings and figuring out the correct tip size for my ears. They're probably not the best choice if you lean towards bass heavy rap or dance music , but with the right phone settings and EQ, there is more than enough bass, mids, and highs for most people especially considering this is a sub $25 product.Again, you have to have the right sized tips to properly seal your ear before settings changes can give you sound you will be happy with.I've avoided true wireless earbuds for years after watching desperate searches from Airpod owners when they realize one of their expensive toys has slipped out, never to be found again. Earphones with the around the ear attachment were uncomfortable while the in ear wingtip style (which are effective at keeping buds in your ear and which I do love) wireless buds were few and far between. Reviews of the T9 seemed pretty positive as far as the sound and not falling out of your ears so for the low price I figured I try them out.The tips that were on these buds when I opened the package seemed to fit my ears without falling out while walking or mild exercise. The right earbud however, did fall out when I was eating. I mean, I could gum my oatmeal without a problem but anything that required more robust movement of the jaw was enough to flex and compress my ear canal shape to the point that the earbud fell out. I don't recommend using these while eating because it's impossible to hear music over the eating noises in your mouth but it was helpful in figuring out that I should try out a bigger sized tip. Fortunately the T9 comes with 6 different sized tips. Moving up one size cured the falling out issue and also resulted in a fuller, not tinney sound thanks to the better seal in the ear. If the tip is uncomfortable move down a size. If the buds are falling out or not sealing well, move up a size.With fit and sound taken care of, I figured I should test out call quality. I tapped the earbud three times and when Google assistant came up, I asked it to dial my wife's number. No problem there but, of course, instant gratification was denied me as I had to watch her in the other room, staring at her phone screen while smiling and nodding her head in time to the special ringtone she has for me. When she finally answered, call quality was very good on both ends. Mind you, this was indoors with no ambient noise. I have not tested call quality outdoors, in windy or noisy conditions though I suspect true noise cancelling earbuds would deal with those situations better.Battery life on the T9 has so far matched the advertised 8 hours music play time at mid volume. The case fully charges in about an hour and a half. I've never fully drained the earbuds but they seem to charge up fairly quickly. The touch controls work well once you get used to them. You will have to get used to hearing a very Chinese lady telling when your headset is connected, disconnected, power on, power off, etc.. Odd thing for a headset from a company based in Seattle but, don't let that put you off.If I had to gripe about anything, it would be the false advertising here regarding the Bluetooth version. The Amazon page for the T9 repeatedly states that they come with Bluetooth 5.3. The user's manual however, states that the T9 has Bluetooth 5.0. Without going down the rabbit hole about Bluetooth versions, one of the advantages to Bluetooth 5.3 is the ability to connect an audio source to multiple headsets without an adapter as a go between. While Bluetooth 5.0 can connect a sound source to multiple headsets with independent volume controls, it can only do so if your phone has the Dual Audio feature (i.e. certain Samsung phones.) My use case scenario was late night binge watching BBC shows with my wife while not disturbing others in the house. A couple of v5.3 headsets connected through the Roku seemed like the solution. That is, until I realized that in my zeal, I'd forgotten that our phones only had Bluetooth 5.0. Without the Dual Audio feature. The workaround, without more hardware, was to install the Roku app on both our phones, connect them to the Roku and then Bluetooth each phone into each headset. It works great, but can you imagine how unimaginably peeved I would have been had I had every other capability on hand only to receive the wrong spec headset as a result of false advertising?For those of you who are interested in this product but need Bluetooth 5.3, I dug a little deeper. You know, after I got ticked and before I realized I hadn't thought things through? Tozo's website shows a product called the T9S that looks like this product and matches what Amazon's page for this product states for specs. It is an upgraded version of the T9 that does have Bluetooth 5.3. and sells for around $35. I have not been able to find the T9S on Amazon. Whoever created the product page for the Tozo T9 on Amazon has got some 'splainin to do and Amazon should have the integrity to correct this mistake. The T9 is an excellent product so far and should be advertised on it's own merits instead of having it's ratings brought down due to false claims of what it can do.Oh, the ringtone is Nat King Cole's "L-O-V-E" for those of you who were wondering.