I am fully invested in Nest cameras so it's not easy to just change. I have 7 1st gen "Nest" cameras, and this is my second 2nd gen "Google Nest" camera, so I now have 9 cameras in total.The cameras themselves do have some new, improved features... they now have an internal battery which allows video to keep recording and saved internally if power/wifi goes down, or you need to mount where there is no power, or just for temporary use. Also, they are now "smart" and can detect familiar faces so it tells you is spotted someone it knows (or doesn't.)Now for the down sides... images are generally darker and less clear, and night vision is also less effective. I use both mobile and desktop apps and it's the same in both.But the biggest backward step is with the software support... I did buy another one of these 2nd gen cameras because I do hope that Google will get this all sorted, but for now, it's a serious issue...The Nest App and 1st gen cameras are awesome...On the iOS app, I can see the 7 1st gen cameras, see event clips, save events to a clip to view or forward later, set notifications for each zone, see a timeline of events and slide back through the full history.On the web app, I can set up multiple zones, configure different notification settings by zone (Alert me if you notice a person outside my front gate anytime, but only notify me if you notice a person inside my front gate when I'm not home), and have full 60 days 24/7 video history for all cameras with my Nest Aware subscription. I can select any time period in the past 60 days on the timescale and save a video or time lapse clip to a file, and even enhance the video. Google Nest 2nd gen cameras... well, they aren't available in the Nest app! They just don't exist there.But Google must have created somewhere new that you can get all this functionality from the 2nd gen cameras, right? This is just a legacy issue. Wrong!The Google Home iOS app... this has all my Google Home devices, including all the cameras, so there is a place I can see all 9 cameras, BUT... I cannot see or set zones, I cannot access the history for the 7 1st gen cameras, but I can access history for the two 2nd gen ones. History for these is only 10 days 24/7 and 60 days for events (if it noticed movement and recorded).The Google Home web app... this does say it's in "preview" mode, so Google are still hedging here... I can see all 9 cameras on my desktop monitor. No zones, no history available for ANY of them. Just a live view. All I can do here is turn a camera on or off. No ability to set or change zones, events, notifications, video resolution to save bandwidth etc.I really do hope Google get this sorted, because I'm too heavily invested to change, but the user community has been screaming at them since they released the 2nd gen devices in Spring 2021, and it hasn't changed yet! I'm happy to update this review if/when they do... but if I were making a new purchase from scratch into a new platform, I can't recommend Google Nest right now!