I was very hesitant to buy this camera because it's a Nest product. I always hated the Nest thermostat because it's a useless piece of fashion tech and does nothing that your $20 programmable thermostat can't do. It's basically a Fitbit. However, after doing the research and observing a friend's Nest cam, I got over my reservations. Don't get me wrong: this is a piece of fashion tech, complete with ridiculous packaging and little cardboard drawers to hold screws. But there has clearly been a ton of thought and testing that has gone into it, and that just makes it work better than other products with less flash appeal.I chose this camera because it has continuous 24/7 recording, which means when you get a notification, you don't just see the back of the UPS guy's head. That's the biggest feature in my mind, and most (or all) other consumer wifi cameras don't do that. It also has excellent video quality, and the person alerts and activity zones are a huge convenience. Both the web and mobile apps are very user-friendly, packed with features, and make a lot of sense. I get notifications on my phone and email, which I have set up to go off only when no one's home, which is great because my wife is often home and I don't need to be notified when she picks up the mail from the front step.Now for the criticisms: I really wish this was battery-powered, with maybe a cord to keep the battery charged. I really wanted to chose the Ring stick-up cam over the Nest because it's battery powered and has a solar panel to keep it charged. However, since the Nest records 24/7 and the Ring doesn't, I assume it needs more power. But it would be so great if they could do it with a solar panel instead. Installing the cord is easy, and I had JUST enough length with the 25' cord to get the camera where I need it from my exterior outlet box. There is no way I would drill a 1" hole in my house. As an architect, I strongly discourage that, and they shouldn't even suggest it. I really wish I didn't have to screw all of the cord clips into the siding of my house, but I was able to hide them pretty well.I also think it's silly the way the cord comes out of the camera as hard-wired and stiff. It limits how you position the camera head since the cord will "pull" the camera toward where it's clipped to the house. If you pull it tight, you don't have enough cord to position the camera, and if you have too much, it will push the camera away. It's a very fine-tuned process. I don't know why they didn't make the cord connect to the camera with a gasketed plug connection instead.The wifi antenna strength is not great, although I don't know enough to compare to other outdoor cam products. I made sure it was in line-of-sight to my router through a window, and it still disconnects a few times a day. It seems to reconnect seamlessly and doesn't have much downtime though. I even returned my existing router and got the latest model from Verizon and although it improved, it still loses connection occasionally. It will not connect to the 5g wifi at all (out of range). The router is about 20' inside the house (and of course I will not move it; that's ludicrous).The email notifications are great, because they say "your camera spotted someone", "your camera thinks it spotted someone" or "your camera noticed some activity", and there is a thumbnail image in the email, which means you don't have to open the app every time. Most of the time it sees a person, it's a UPS guy or the mailman, and most of the time it's activity, a squirrel ran across my steps. Note that the person alerts are only available if you buy the $100 per year subscription, which seems totally worthwhile for me. It would be GREAT if Nest could figure out how to put the thumbnail image into the phone notification, so I wouldn't have to open my email OR the app, both of which take time to load up. And concerning the Nest Aware subscription, I don't think it's right that they charge you more for more cameras. It seems to me that $100 should cover multiple cameras, but they charge $50 additional for each one.Finally, for the apps, it should be easier to click on events. The interface is really cool, but it makes no reference to the events that it just emailed me about. There should be a list of events, sort-able by person or activity in each zone, that I can click on and have it go to that spot in the recording timeline. Overall not a huge deal, but it's a little frustrating when you know from the email that the Lasership guy threw your box from 20' away, but you can't find the footage without scrolling through the recording for 10 minutes.In conclusion, following from this I bought an indoor Nest cam and look forward to using that. I have two Vimtag cameras inside my house now, and the 24/7 recording along with video quality push Nest head-and-shoulders above those ones, even without Nest Aware. The Vimtag ones have on-board storage and make it easier to click on events, but that's not good enough to beat Nest.