Now, just for some context, I've never even held a "fancy camera" (what I'm calling anything above the little handheld digital cameras) It was a little hard for me to figure out the setting and how to use it, but I watched some YouTube videos and got a slight grasp of everything. For some reason the camera will tend to not focus and actually take the picture. It ends up with me awkwardly yelling at my family to hold their pose until the camera will finally decide to click, but I'm going to blame the focusing issue on me lacking knowledge on how to actually use a camera. Another issue I have with the camera is the photo transfer feature (the thing that hooked me into getting this camera was the fact that it could easily transfer photos from your camera to your phone): it's a little annoying to have to go into the settings to even begin a transfer and make sure both the camera and your phone are connected under the same wifi and once you're there the camera is left on a blank screen which makes me scared I'm gonna mess something up. Last minor complaint, I promise. The picture I added with that black kitten, it was actually really hard for the camera to decide to take that picture for some reason, like the lighting wasn't good enough so I had to put my camera light over her just for camera to see there was a subject to aim at and for the flash to go off. Now overall I'm happy with the camera. I love the photos I took with it and I think I just need some more practice with it. It makes me feel like I'm a little professional photographer even though I have no plans of making them look like legit photos one would take.Update 12/2/22I'd recommend getting a backup battery. It does have a decent battery but there are times when I'm in the middle of using it and it needs a charge. Getting the battery to fill takes maybe a couple hours. Side note, *facepalm* there's literally a low lighting mode on the camera. It'll do a short flash to brighten up the subject/area and then it'll take the picture. Getting the camera to focus is still a slight issue for me but it's not as bad as it was when I was first settling in with it.