I bought the 15 x 70 regular version (there is a Pro version) from Amazon's Used inventory. The first pair that I ordered didn't really arrive -- only the Celestron Box!!! Whether or not they were shipped as an empty box, were stolen along the way, or slipped out while enroute, I will never know. Amazon did refund me promptly. I immediately ordered another pair, again used in reported "very good" condition. They look brand new, so I'm excited with the potential. Collimation or lack of is a common problem with these binoculars that have superior ratings IF you can get a pair without collimation problems, or adjust them yourself.Mine had the notorious double image on both terrestrial objects and on Jupiter. I located the adjustment screw(s). You DO NOT have to damage the grip covering to reach the screws. Just simply carefully pry up the grip enough (see YouTube videos) enough to expose the screws. I just adjusted one of the two screws on one side and got them working excellently for terrestrial objects hundreds of yards away. The moon is fine. Jupiter, I'm still working on. Sometimes, it is fine, but then I get double vision again. When I checked with Celestron, I was told that it costs $93 plus shipping (to/fr California) to have them do the Collimation if the binocs are not warrantied (mine are used) or beyond 30 days on a warrantied pair. That is way more than I would pay. I'm going to keep working on Jupiter and probably keep these as the images are fantastic of the moon and terrestrial. I can see Jupiter and three of its 4 usually visible moons. I'm hoping that I can get the collimation set and I will then know that I can maintain it myself, which is good to know how to do for any of these model binocs that may go out down the line.UPDATE 10/9/22: I LOVE these binoculars now. The collimation turned out just fine. I stuck with the advice on a YouTube video to use the adjustment screw(s) only one side. I used just the most convenient one under the rear edge of right handgrip. I can see Jupiter and four of its moons. Saturn is visible, too, but appears relatively boring like a bright star. The moon is full tonight and is absolutely incredibly bright and beautiful. These binocs pull in so much light the the moon almost hurts my eyes. The definition just has to be seen to appreciate its beauty. I’m using a tripod and highly recommend one unless you have very steady hands. I don’t. An exciting adventure for less than $60 for this used pair from Amazon (and a little more for the tripod adapter). Whatca bargain!