I own several REOlink NVRs, installed in different locations. These are worthy of either 5-star ratings, or 1-star, depending on out-of-the-box performance versus longevity. I could write volumes on what I like, and volumes on what I don't like, about REOlink, but I'll try to keep most of my comments to this specific NVR.PROs:- Works like every previous REOlink NVR- 16-channels of PoE implies healthy internal power supply capability- Basically plug-and-play with REOlink cameras- Supports 4K / 12MP cameras (and 8MP / 5MP / 4MP / 1080P...)- Supplies power to PoE cameras or works with self-powered cameras- Detects any camera on your router subnet, not just the ones plugged into the NVR's Ethernet/PoE ports- Ability to share the NVR with computer/phone APPs is simple- Ability to share the NVR with other users is equally simpleCONs:- Doesn't support other MFG ONVIF cameras properly (in my opinion)- Can't delete other cameras on your network auto-detected that you DON'T WANT detected- I've been using REOlink long enough that I question longevity- Frankly, I question access security with anything REOlink, as the cloud capability combined with ease of sharing cameras virtually ensures there's a server out there maintaining your IP-addresses. It is so easy to access my cameras from anywhere on any device that I'd be stupid to think others can't access them tooNow for the real-deal info... why do I own so many REOlink NVRs? Because they've flaked-out on me too many times to count, so I purchased replacements because my time onsite is limited to fully troubleshoot. I have found that EVERYTHING produced by REOlink overheats. My 8-channel NVR with 7 PoE cameras used to COOK itself, despite the internal fan that is always running (I replaced one of my 8-channel NVRs with this 16-channel). I have had to replace several PoE cameras (not the cheap bullet-cams, but the expensive PTZ or high megapixel cams) basically yearly in South Florida. One brand-new cam I just installed (RLC-842a) base was so hot after 2-minutes of operation that I couldn't hold it to screw the base into the eave. The 8-channel NVR got so hot (before I replaced it) that it would operate about an hour, shut-down for about 10-minutes, then operate for another hour before shutting down. Yeah, I had 7-of-8 ports used, but if they have 8, I should be able to use 8, right? Now I'm using 7-of-16 ports, and hoping this new NVR lasts more than a year.Speaking of updated capability, my 1-year-old REOlink NVR would connect to 5MP REOlink cameras and I could see the cameras live on my computer/phone Apps, but the NVR itself wouldn't show the camera on the connected 4K-TV nor would it produce recording files that could be viewed (they were always corrupted). This new 16-channel 4K NVR has none of those issues; I can stream / watch / record / save files from my 4K-cameras, 5MP-cameras, and 4MP-cameras now with no issues (yay!).It is worth mentioning, I always power these NVR through an external surge-protecting UPS to protect them. I have also lost two UPS to permanent internal failures (lasting about 1-year each), but I can't confirm if it was the REOlink NVR or XFINITY modem that took out both UPS. I can say that a 3rd REOlink NVR + FIOS modem has never blown out a UPS (so I'd believe an XFINITY grounding-issue at fault).Maybe I'll come back here and update this review if this new 16-channel REOlink 4K-NVR craps-out after a year, but I can confirm it was running much cooler than the 8-channel REOlink 5MP-NVR that was 13-months old (yes, just-off warranty) when I left. So-far, so-very-good. I'm impressed with all of my REOlink stuff, except in terms of longevity.