Used it to mount my Sony mirrorless camera for astrophotography. I have a large Celestron 8 inch (200m) computerized SCT scope but this one is so much easier to carry on trips ! Once properly polar-aligned it tracks extremely well. I did 50x10 sec and 50 x 20 sec exposures as tests (around here we have a bit of light pollution) and once stacked they came out amazing. The phone app works very well too. Five stars for quality, design and useability out of the box !A couple of more specific comments : (1) carry four replacement AA rechargeable batteries for extended fun, or a usb cable (2) the red light plastic mount is a bit flimsy, I downloaded and printed a 3d file from thingiverse (3) A sturdy tripod is a must, (4) I prefer for my camera the more solid mount with the counterweight, this leaves the hole for the polar alignment unobstructed, that way you can always check later that all is still well, (5) you will definitely need a shutter release cable for your camera, mine is a short Vello cable from BH Photo; it will work with some normal remote shutter releases as well, so you can just use one cable.EDIT : After three evenings of observing and picture taking, the drive motor started to behave erratically. On power on ("star" mode) it would accelerate unpredictably, and then quit with the light blinking. A few fixes were suggested:* new fresh aa batteries, did nothing* factory reset, it did nothing.* back out that m3 set screw on the bottom, did nothing. It acts as some sort of gear tensioner. It had no loctite on it and was quite loose, so who knows where it's supposed to be ? All the way in minus a quarter turn?*updated the firmware to version 314, I don't think that did anything either. Plus it's unclear what version was in there before.As a last resort, I decided to open the case for some inspection. There's four M3 black screws that hold the metal lid. Once opened, there was nothing obvious to note, the gears looked clean, some clear grease, all the wiring seemed connected and in place. Surprisingly the unit would start running full speed when it was tilted around 45 degrees, then stopped when I rotated it back (flat on its back). Is there some sort of gravity sensor ?I decided to blow some compressed air (the aircan one) into the case, and that seemed to have stopped the erratic motion. Magic ? Maybe some dust or metal chips somewhere ?In the evening I took it out again, and it worked perfectly for three hours. Go figure.Any comments ?EDIT : On the second trip to the desert that tiny stainless steel threaded ring that hold in place the SNAP connector to the camera flew off never to be see again (see picture). I guess it had not been threaded in properly at the factory. So then the built in (app-based) intervalometer does not work any more. As a result I could not take pictures since I did not carry an extra cable intervalometer...