Overall, I would say it's a good product with good customer support. I did have a reticle illuminator that was very dim straight out of the box, but I called and left a message and support called me right back within a day and then sent me out a new illuminator.Also, as a bonus the Star adventureres now come Wi-Fi enabled. It did not say this on Amazon, but when it showed up, I had the new version at no extra charge. Now, where it gets interesting is actually updating the software. I won't get into it here, but it can be challenging. I did get it done, however and it works great. Also, the new version will function as an intervalometer using your cellphone, however when not using it that way the motor shuts down. which is pretty stupid because you then lose your tracking. So you'll either need to buy an intervalometer or if you have a canon, you can also set it up for remote shooting with your laptop and the software for that has the intervalometer feature built in!Quality of the ubit is pretty good, but I will say the battery cover is rediculous. It can fall off easily so be careful not to pick up the unit by that. In fact, I screwed the cover on and only use the USB power along with a separate battery power supply which runs the Star Adventurer and a lens heater. The last thing I would want to do anyways is hurt my allignment by haveing to change batteries. setting up once is enough for polar allignment and I don't want to have to do it twice. I aldso made an ABS mounrting plate for my reticle illuminator to screw it to the plate and can leave it on the unit without fear of it falling off into the grass in the dark.I found out a lot of guys go all Mad Scientiust on these units and do a lot of modigcations on them to better suit their equipment of use, there;s nothing wrong with that and although the Sky watcher Support guys are a little hard to get ahold of directly, when you do get your call back they are super nice and suoer helpful. They will dwefinitely take care of any issues you might have.I would definitely recommend getting this product. It's a great learning experience.