I bought this camera because Amazon was selling it for $20 less than it's usual price. I said hey that's a deal I'll get it. Shortly after, I found out that Sharper Image had an instant camera that was a lot cheaper than what this camera was ($20 brand new on eBay, $11 at Walmart). So I bought them both and decided to do a side by side comparison. If I liked one more than the other, I could return one. If I liked them both, I'd keep both.Both cameras used the same Fujifilm mini film so you don't have to go out of your way buying different film for both which is nice. They also both have the same types of functions on them - indoor, outdoor/cloudy, sunny, hi-key. very easy to use and uses AA batteries. The Fujifilm camera has a little mirror on it for selfies and an attachment for upclose shots, but the sharper image camera did not. They also both look very different but for turning them on was the same concept. You pushed a button and the camera lens popped out.When taking the pictures I decided to just take a photo of the same thing, on the same setting just to see how each photo came out. The Fujifilm photos printed out vertically whereas the sharper image photo came out horizontally. Each took about the same time to spit out the film and develop (30secs-45secs).The first 2 photos I took with the Fujifilm came out black which is unfortunate because it's a waste of film. I took an additional 2 and they came out normal. The first picture was of my fish tank. It came out clear and showed the entire tank in the photo. It had a black dots in the middle which I will attribute to either the flash or my own error because the same thing appeared on the same image with the sharper image pic I took. With the sharper image photo, it didn't show the entire tank. It was more wide. It makes more sense I suppose because of the orientation of how the film comes out of the cameras. I also took photos of my fish in a jar on both cameras. Fujifilm came out clear and vertical, sharper image came out blurry and horizontal.Upon closer inspection of the photos, the Fujifilm pics came out much clearer. You can see the details more clearly and it is more focused. The sharper image photos came out blurry, more fuzzy. Upclose shots were particularly bad, far away- not as noticable. However, the Fujifilm camera did have some black photos come out which is a no no considering how expensive the film is. If it spits out 4 or 5 black pics every packet of 10 that's a waste of money. I'd much rather take the chance of a slightly blurry pic than waste film. Ultimately it's up to you though. I'm going to keep both and use them more to see how they continue to compare with one another. Worse comes to worse, I resell lol.Update: I ordered a replacement for my Fujifilm camera because some of the film kept coming out black. It wasn't defective film, more like a defective camera.