From someone who previously had a point-and-shoot, the ZV-1F is an awesome camera. From someone who has since been shooting with a DSLR (an older one by today's standards, the Canon 6D), the ZV-1F still leaves a lot to be desired. Depending on what your needs are, this may or may not fit the bill.Firstly, the Sony ZV-1F is very lightweight. It has a fixed 24mm lens and there's a button on top to establish "bokeh" mode. Now, this bokeh is optical, so it's true bokeh, and not like the digital stuff you get with the iPhone's "Portrait" mode where it tries to mask out the subject and still looks funky. When you zoom in and out, the lens shape doesn't change (nothing sticks out or retracts). The controls are very easy and intuitive; click the buttons, press the screen, flip the switch, press the shutter button. Each of the buttons on top have a graphic indicating its function, including a button for switching between photo and video. There is no EVF, so you'll have to rely on the vari-angle screen that's built in. Mine came with it already displayed outwards (which is odd in my experience, normally the screen is flipped inwards to protect it), but everything worked out of the box. My battery came half-charged and it can be charged via the included USB-C cable. No SD card, so make sure you have one of your own. If you're recording video, make sure it's rated speed-wise for the format you're looking to record in.All in all, this is a perfect lightweight camera for the on-the-go shooter. It fits nicely in a pocket or small bag, it's very lightweight (have I said that yet?) and it has a very small footprint. For a point-and-shoot camera, this is a great example of the advancements in modern technology (in 2022). However, you are in that frame of using a point-and-shoot. Yes, this camera has Sony's software of auto-tracking, the ability to control shutter speed, aperture, and ISO (like a DSLR), but its picture quality still loses when compared to my 10-year old Canon 6D (released in Nov 2020), especially when I pair my Canon 6D with any L lens. That said, the Sony ZV-1F is significantly smaller, lighter, and WAY cheaper than when I originally got my 6D, not to mention the cost of ANY of the L lenses I have to truly maximize that photo quality. So yes, the Sony ZV-1F is a solid point-and-shoot camera, fantastic for travel, and better than most to all phones in my opinion. It's even about the size of a phone (length and width wise, obviously it's much thicker). But man, these cameras are getting smaller, lighter, and better each year. It may not beat my old DSLR, but it's a lot easier to carry around. And you know what they say, the camera you use most is the one you bring with you.