2020/03/21 Update: I ordered a second G4 Pro and plugged it into my PoE switch in my office. It fogged up worse than the first camera did, however I left it plugged in and the fog dried up within about 36 hours (the first camera cleared up in about 12). Both cameras are now fog free day and night. I am changing my rating to 4/5. The image quality and FoV of these are leagues better than the G3s I was previously using. This lens condensation issue is annoying, however it did clear up on its own within 48 hours like Ubiquiti said it would.I recommend anyone who buys this camera plug it in indoors and let it run for a few days before installing it in its intended place. However the humidity is getting trapped inside the cameras lenses, these cameras generate a lot of heat and after running for a while that heat should dry out the inside of the lens and prevent the fog issue from persisting.2020/03/18 Update: After fogging the first night of installation, the fog went away and did not come back on the second night. I will continue to monitor and make sure the fogging doesn't come back but I am leaving my rating at 2/5 stars because it has been well documented that for many users the fogging ever went away. There is clearly a manufacturing defect at work here. The image quality and quality of materials used for this camera is amazing but are spoiled by this manufacturing defect.Original Review: My house is fully of Unifi networking equipment and 7 unifi g3 cameras that I've been running with no problem for over a year. Replaced the g3 in my driveway with the g4 pro and it started condensation come nightfall. A quick Google search revealed this is not at all an isolated incident. Should have done more research before buying but I've had such a good experience with the g3 and their routers, switches, and AP that I didn't think twice about the upgrade.UBNT employees stated in forum that for most people it goes away within 48 hours. Browsing forums, this proved true for some but not all. Guess I'll wait and find out, I'm going to be bummed if it doesn't resolve itself because the quality of this camera is such a step up from the g3.