These are average star binoculars for the price. They are good stepping stone from regular daytime binoculars. I recommend these specialty star binoculars to beginners with a little experience to immediate use. These star binoculars are light and comfortable to hold and friendly to a rather shaky hand. Within in a few minutes after my eyes got adjusted to the dark surrounds via urban city, I was able to see the moon with ease. Viewing the Moon was phenomenal at 7x magnification. I was able to locate several star constellations and our neighbor galaxy — Faint/distant Andromeda with ease during my first use (early February.)To a novice, 7x may not sound much. To someone with vague knowledge of the the night sky, will be able to locate celestial objects much more clearly with 7x magnification when compared to no aid at all/normal eyesight. These binoculars pick up a incredible amount of cosmic light, which caught me off guard during first use. With use, nighttime objects in the sky will appear that normal eyesight can’t register at simple 7x magnification. I have not tested these in daytime, for they are made for nighttime use.When compared to normal daytime binoculars in use at night, Celestron absorbs in more light due to the higher mm lens size, lens coating, and premium prism used within the binocular.I would give five stars but the neck support that is included, is uncomfortable and a bit on the thin side. A good wrist or neck support is highly recommend to avoid drops, slips, or collisions with others while in use to explore the night sky.Ignore the negative reviews from inexperienced people that expect Hubble Telescope quality with these entry level star binoculars. These are great for beginner to immediate use. A excellent purchase for a Astronomer on a budget.Pros:Cheap, affordableLight weight & comfortableAbsorbs cosmic light very wellCrisp images even in cloudy, light fog, and city light environment.Water resistantStorage tote includedBest budget star binoculars for price range.Easy to use, set up, and store.Cons:Some knowledge of the night sky is needed for maximum enjoyment of product.7x may not be enough for some.Star binoculars 7x vs. a beginner telescope of 50-60mm purchase for a few dollars more (for the inexperienced).Slightly bulkyTripod mount adapter not includedNeck support is uncomfortable and is too thin.