I'm new to projectors (this is my first) and I'm pretty satisfied with this purchase. The projector is small and light and with an external battery, will make for a good portable option. For my usage, this projector will mainly stay in my bedroom. The included power cord is sufficiently long. Set up was remarkably easy; pretty much plug and play. If you've owned a Samsung smart TV you'll be familiar with the setup. I actually got this projector specifically because I wanted a similar experience with the TV in my living room. I also liked that the set up can be done with your phone using the SmartThings app; however, setting it up through the app kept failing and I ended up using the remote. After set up, SmartThings integration has ran smoothly. I appreciate the hot keys on the remote that let you go directly to three streaming services and Samsung's channels, but I wish those keys could be customized. The picture is bright and clear; my room has very effective blackout blinds so that definitely helps. I was planning on buying a Sonos audio bar, but the speakers on this projector is more than enough. The keystone correction could be better; the auto keystone didn't quite get it right so I still had to manually adjust the picture, but the picture still seems slightly crooked. I've tried everything to get it straight, but haven't been able to level it out. It's not noticeable once something is playing, but on startup or when looking at the main menu screen, it's obvious my picture is crooked and it's hard to ignore. Despite the hiccup during setup and the slightly askew picture, I'm still very happy with my purchase. I was never one to have a TV in the bedroom, but the idea of a projector screen that I could hide when not in use (I have a wall mounted wireless screen custom ordered) that wouldn't detract from the aesthetic of my bedroom became an attractive thought. With the screen, this projector is like having an even larger TV in my bedroom than I have in my living room. Being able to control the projector with the phone and access my other smart devices with this projector is even greater when laying in bed. This projector has made my bedroom easily my favorite room in the house! While researching projectors, I was initially just looking for a reliable brand that had built in streaming apps. I stumbled on this one, and being a Samsung TV fan, took a chance despite its less than stellar reviews. I would definitely recommend this to someone who's newish to the projector scene or who enjoys Samsung's UI. The clear picture and installed apps makes this a clear choice.