I bought this to replace my Takstar SGC-598 Microphone, to use with my Nikon D5100 DSLR camera, after my Takstar started breaking sound, but after 3 years of super heavy usage, figured I'd upgrade and try something new, hence picking up this Movo, after endless great reviews.This microphone is by far the absolute best starter package kit and value, with everything you need, from the hard-shell case, wind muff/foam sponge, to even a wire for both your smartphone and camera, and best part is absolutely no batteries required. The case itself makes it special, since you'll feel much safer and more at ease to transport for any travelers.When used with my Android smartphone, the quality is excellent when speaking from a couple feet away, like doing a selfie style video, and even more incredible, if you hold it right next to your mouth, like a news reporter, incredibly rich and clear. I did a could blind audio tests with other mics, it's actually even better and cheaper than most Rode mics, certainly the micro model, which is in the same price range.The issues come when you're using it with any device, that has much poorer preamps, in my case my Nikon D5100 DSLR Camera. The volume is ridiculously low, unless you increase the sensitivity, but then if you do, the volume becomes perfect, but then is unable to clearly pick up higher loud sounds and has incredibly loud hiss noises. With the same default settings, it's moderately better than the Takstar SGC-598, however there is 1 major advantage to the Takstar. The Takstar has a +10 dB gains and High-Pass filter knobs. As a casual vlog filmmaker, I had never realized how important having such a thing was, but basically learned without that on a mic, such as the Movo, you're pretty much left deciding between either recording at low volumes or perfect volume, but very loud hiss and unclear sounds. In depth of sound, it's also bit too bassy, and doesn't have enough treble. This is where the Takstar really shines.I’m contemplating whether or not to return this, on most solid devices I’d highly recommend this microphone, truly is the absolute best kit out there, but for devices that need more audio demands, that becomes questionable. I think with a nice external recording device or setup where you speak directly into the mic, the Movo will be much better, but in open settings like when you're speaking anything more than 3 feet away from a camera, with low preamps, like most DSLRs, the Takstar easily without question does a significantly better job. The benefits to the Movo are all the accessories and fact you can actually use it with a smartphone, with what's provided.