Is it worth it? Yes. Feels solid and not cheap, and performs well if you place it correctly. On YouTube when reviewers did tests vs the Rode video mic (2x the price!) I often preferred the sound of the Movo… felt a little warmer. Obviously it won’t beat out a $250 mic (Rode has mics from $100 and up), but under that budget, this is the best mic for video HANDS DOWN.I got a bundle which came with a bunch of cheap accessories some of which were non functioning out of the box (the 20’ cable being the most disappointing). However, I think the bundle was still only like $50 or 60, and this mic is WELL worth it.It came with a case that holds the mic, the shock mount, the dead cat style wind screen, and a normal blow guard (black foam windscreen), as well as a few different cables and a usb thumb drive interface.My first use was somewhat disappointing, the audio I recorded didn’t sound that much better than the audio my DSLR picks up on its own (or so I thought). But that was recording a band in a rehearsal space that wasn’t acoustically treated and not ideal. I WAS able to edit the audio and get something useable, but I just wasn’t impressed.However subsequent uses have impressed me more and more. I shot that same band doing a live show and had a Tascam DR40x recording in the back of the room, but I used this on my camera as back up audio. I’m so glad I did because my recorder filled up its memory card before the last 2 songs, and this on camera mic saved me. The audio was good enough that both myself and the band found it acceptable (not as good as the recorder audio, but that’s a location issue).This Movo Mic handled peaking really well, where being so close a few times the levels clipped… but in the final edit you can’t even really tell. If the camera were stationary it would’ve had consistent and crisp audio. Because I was moving around, the audio was crisp but you get a little more of whatever you’re pointing at (bass, guitar, drums etc). And the shock mount does it’s job perfectly, ZERO noise from me moving around A LOT.I would absolutely recommend this mic to anyone, both for dialogue and music video needs.