It took me a little while to get this to work. I finally found that if attach my phone to the adapter, then I remove the lens from the telescope and put it in the adapter and then line up my phone using daylight in order to judge the alignment (don't do this at night), I got much better results. There was still the issue of distance of camera to lens. Sometimes I got a small circle and sometimes large and moving closer to lens did not always give the larger view.I also ran into an issue with weight. I have an equatorial mount. Once I attached the phone and adapter to the telescope the balance was off. So, I practiced during the day. Lined up phone on adapter, attached to telescope, rebalanced and aimed using a combination of the phone screen and eyepiece. At night, this didn't work quite as well. The moon was pretty easy, but planets were dark and tough to get into view. Once there is wasn't tough to keep them in view, but very frustrating finding Saturn on that view screen. But that isn't really the adapters fault. A cell phone is not exactly the best lowlight camera. And a 20mm lens doesn't give great field of view width.But I was able to get it done. I got good shots of the moon (though still working on getting more of the moon in view - a larger field of vision lens would help - maybe 25mm or larger). I got Jupiter and its moons, but with some blur as the earth is moving. I got Saturn and if you zoom the image, you can see some rings, but again a slight blur.I also bought a remote camera device that connects using bluetooth to the phone. This way I am not shaking the telescope every time I press the camera button (I also tried voice control which worked well).There is a limit to the width of the phone that fits. My Galaxy S7 had no problem and I quick tried an iPhone 10. Both easily fit in. Location of the lens is not an issue as the adapter can swivel to get to the correct location.Overall, this is not a connect and it works type of device. You have to practice. But it does work and aligning the camera to lens is not difficult using this adapter.