I have been using the Canon for about a month now. Great entry level camera for a budding professional. Good grip, good design, good controls, hard plastic body looks like it will last. Touch screen works great! Love the old school viewfinder and it is the reason I bought it. That is the reason for 4 stars also. The viewfinder only works for taking photos! You cannot take video thru the viewfinder. You have to use the touchscreen. I bought camera for action photograph and videos. The photo part is perfect, the video part is unusable for my special circumstances in video of RC aircraft in flight. Bright days just blind the touchscreen. Also no 24fps in Full HD mode. Still a great value for the money. Pic quality is super. Love viewfinder for photos but won’t work for videos. The Dual Pixel auto focus is awesome on video to keep face in sharp focus. The audio on camera is just so so, I added external mic and it is a world of difference better. Love the fact that I can use legacy Canon lenses or the newest, as my budget allows. I got the 18-55 STM kit lens and it is a fine starter lens, especially for video (wide angle since the camera crops, especially with 4K video), it's silent, fast and relatively accurate. I also got a "nifty fifty" prime Canon 50mm lens that is Super for portraits and just to walk around with taking photos. I also got a Canon EF-S 55-250mm STM lens for excellent shots of RC planes in the air far away. I couldn't have gotten as far as I have without watching MANY Youtube reviews and hints/tricks videos that make it much easier to understand how to use the MANY features of this camera. The battery life is long and I have shot all day and never run out of battery. I don't like that 4K video is so cropped but I just stand farther back and it is OK. Also, the audio levels will show on the lcd screen but you have to go into the settings and take it off of Auto and put it in Manual to get it to work, it should be on by default Canon! The 9-point AF works great for moving objects (like planes) and I don't know why people complain that it is not enough. In conclusion...I love this camera! It is much better for photos than for video but I just bought a DJI Ronin SC gimbal to make the video portion much better, including Active Track, so I'm hoping that will work out fine. I know everything is going mirrorless but this is a great camera that works in the old world and in the new and should be all I need for the foreseeable future as an amateur and light-weight professional photographer.