There isn't much to dislike about Canon's SL3 SLR camera. I buy camera bodies often, keep them a year and then often upgrade (I travel for a living).I have yet to find a really good POINT & SHOOT camera to carry for my travels. They always let me down (Canon included) in performance.Now comes another SL series Canon camera (I thought the Sl1 and SL2 were dismal and cheap) called the SL3. Still offered in the tacky 'White' version as well as the classic black body.I'm not about to list all of the specs (you can read those on your own by visiting the Canon website) here but I will keep this basic and to the point. I've purchased two of these (one on the day it was released and another from Amazon).Let's go right to the processor (DIGIC 8)... This is a rocket ship processor in speed and lighting. Dark closets, no flash, no tripod, etc, etc, etc all still produced vivid photos when I tested the SL3 I had just purchased. In fairness, I did use a SanDisk Extreme Pro 300MG card for speed but that card had nothing to do with lighting. I also used a L-Series IS lens which was e real reason for the superior lighting conditions produced.The camera body is made in Taiwan. Mostly plastic and very lightweight. The GRIP of the body is fabulous. The so-called KIT lens (18-55mm) is sub-par in performance but it's an excellent lightweight inexpensive lens if weight is an issue. The SL3 will accept both EF-S lenses and EF lenses.Because I travel and carry way too much equipment, I wanted Canon to produce a fantastic Point & Shoot. They did not. Along comes the SL3 (red flags already after the Sl1 and SL2). Was I ever wrong...I was so glad I tried the SL3. Lightweight. Even with the basic lens kit (F4 18-55mm lens) made mostly of plastic, it still did a great job of beating out any Point & Shoot. Plus at only 2 lbs for body and lens with battery. It was a BMW in performance despite being inexpensive, made of all plastic and a bit flimsy at times for switches and controls.This is no Canon 6D Mark II or 5D IV. Not even close. But keep the cost in mind. Keep the weight in mind. Mostly, keep that fabulous Digic 8 processor in mind. So impressive.A great choice. Actually, a bit under-priced I think.Canon hit a home run in the SL3.