I picked up the Celestron 52250 80mm Ultimate Zoom Spotting Scope to use sighting in targets at 100 yards. Previously, I purchased and compared three inexpensive 20-60X60 scopes. The chromatic aberration and overall quality of those scopes was horrible. The brands tested were SVBONY, ENKEEO and AOMEKIE all ordered from Amazon. Don’t waste your time or money on any of those.The Celestron scope came well packaged with only one small ding and tear in the container. This did not impact the contents. It came with an instruction pamphlet, small lens cloth, and ocular lens inside a plastic tube hard case with it’s own separate nylon carry case. The scope also comes with a nylon carry case however it’s not padded and would not provide any significant degree of protection against drops. You can, however, still use the scope for viewing with the cover on by simply unzipping and exposing the objective and ocular lens. I sorta like this feature. The scope is waterproof and has a BAK4 prism according to the manual. I was unable to find any verification either in the user manual or Celestron webpage that this scope is nitrogen or argon purged.The body of the scope appears to be a metal alloy with the rear portion rubberized. The ocular lens threads on to the body and can be stored separately in its own hard plastic tube as mentioned. Eye relief is achieved by a rubber eyepiece grommet that you fold up or down. The magnification ring on the ocular is smooth and crisp as was the focus knob. The objective lens comes with a clip on style lens cap. There is no pull out sun shade on the objective lens. That’s a bummer.I mounted the scope on a camera tripod to test it and immediately noticed the scope is forward weighted and tippy- in other words not balanced very well. Therefore using a sturdy tripod is critical with this scope. The images from this scope were excellent considering the the price. As with most scopes in this price range image quality at lower magnifications produce better views. There was some chromatic aberration noted but nothing I would consider outrageous. I believe it will do just fine as a range spotter and even a grab-and-go for some light bird watching.Pros- Inexpensive, decent build quality, ability to swap out ocular lens, good “bang for the buck”.Cons- No sun shade on objective lens, non-padded carry case, forward weighted (tippy) design.Hope this helps.