Optically, I would give this lens only 3 stars, because I've noticed lens flare and/or internal reflection of lights against dark skies that I've not seen with any other lens I own, and this is very disappointing. When I review photos that I've shot at night, if there is any light source in the picture (such as street lights, car headlights or brake lights, or traffic signals), there are accompanying light streaks that look like comets in the night sky. Lots of them. For useable pictures I have to Photoshop them out, which sucks mightily. This lens has a very nice wide view, but it is giving me extra work to produce clean, flare-free photos at night, which is unfortunately the majority of what I use wide angles for. Yea, very disappointing.I was going to upload a nighttime picture with about 9-12 'comets' clearly visible, but I can't find any links to allow me to do that; only videos. :(Consider yourself warned; this lens flares badly (or has internal reflections), the worst of any lens I own. However, it does not seem that *all* lights cause this, only some, not sure why. Flare from having daylight sun visible in the picture isn't bad; perhaps it's mostly apparent with lights at night. I'm really hoping that this is a QC issue, and sending it back for a check will correct this, but I doubt it. (If the flare issue improves [disappears] after a checkup by Canon, I will update this review.)Since this lens is fairly cheap, I'll give it an extra star (4). It is an EF-S lens, meaning that it will *NOT* work on any flavor Canon that can only use 'EF' mount lenses, 1.3x cameras, or full-frame, such as the 5D I II III, 6D, 1D, 1Ds, or 1Dx (this includes any Canon 35mm film camera). It will only fit APS-C Canon digital cameras, such as the Rebel series, and other 1.6x crop-sensor Canons. If you're not sure if your Canon camera can use EF-S lenses, you can quickly find the answer on Wikipedia.I've used an Optics Pro 8mm (semi) fisheye for the past few years, and have never seen a single instance of 'comets' in any nighttime picture. BTW, the Optics Pro 8mm (also sold under a few other labels, such as ROKINON) is a FANTASTIC lens, about $80 cheaper than the Canon EF-S 10-18mm; this 8mm is highly recommended: 