I started searching for a wireless bluetooth speakers to use for conference calls/video calls which occupy. most of my day during our current work-from-home status. While my office uses Skype for Business and is migrating to Microsoft Teams, we also have videoconferences on GoToMeeting, Webex, Zoom and others. Based on those needs and not wanting to spend a tremendous amount of money, I decided to buy the Jabra Speak 510 especially after a colleague told me he had been using it with good results.Delivery was swift and I excitedly connected the speaker via Bluetooth to Dell 7290. Unfortunately, my colleagues complained that my voice was hard to hear and somewhat garbled. Thus began my interactions with the Jabra Support team. The details follow below but the bottom line is that I was extremely pleased with both the Jabra telephone support and email responsiveness. After following the steps outlined below, I have now used the device without any issues for the past week and I am very satisfied with the product.First steps suggested by Jabra Support:1. Make sure install the latest firmware through Jabra Direct software before using the device.2. Jabra does NOT recommend using Bluetooth to connect to a computer; they strongly recommended to connect the Jabra device via USB only.3. While speaking to Jabra Support via phone, we also reviewed my audio settings on the Dell laptop including sensitivity of the microphone.**These first three steps suggested by Jabra Support did improve the sound of my voice and colleagues no longer complained. However, I started hearing some periodic crackling and interruption of audio for about 2 seconds very intermittently. It sounded like interference so I moved all of my other devices and cell phone away from the Jabra but the audio problems persisted.So, I called Jabra Support again after an exchange of emails to make sure I was not using a USB hub because they recommend against that, too. During the phone call, we reviewed several options including trying a different USB port and trying a different computer. And, if that didn't work, Jabra Support agreed that they would replace the device.Next steps:4. I tried a different USB port on the Dell. Same problem.5. My personal computer is a MacBook Pro 2017 (15") which only has USB-C ports. So, contrary to Jabra's advice, I used the Jabra with my MacBook (Zoom) using a USB hub not expecting it to work. However, the device worked flawlessly - good sound on my end; no issues with my voice on the other end.6. Therefore, I decided to try the USB-C hub with the Dell (which also has a USB-C connection). And...the microphone and speaker are working very well; I've had no complaints from my colleagues and there have been no audio issues.7. I've also used the USB option with my iPhone and that works well - no issues. To be clear, you can't stand 5 feet away from the device and expect people to hear you. However, if it's on your desk and you are sitting, it works fine.Using this set up for the past 3-4 days, I've had multiple calls and videoconferences using Skype for Business, Microsoft Teams, GoToMeetings, Zoom and Webex. The integration with the mute button only seems to work for Skype and Microsoft Teams (i.e., setting mute on the Jabra device turns the appropriate icon on the screen to "mute"). However, it's pretty easy to know when you're on mute with the Jabra device (red LEDs around the speaker) so even if the icon on the screen isn't showing mute, when the Jabra is muted, you should be "safe."I haven't tested the battery life fully but it seems to be good. Volume is definitely sufficient. It's not intended to be used for music but for a quick interlude between meetings, it's adequate. I have used the smart button the device with Siri on my iPhone 11 Pro and it works well. The device can be connected to your computer via USB and via your phone via Bluetooth at the same time and it seems the range for the Bluetooth connection is surprisingly good.Bottom line - I was very close to returning the Jabra 510. However, the excellent support from Jabra and a little experimentation paid off. The Jabra 510 is now a very welcome and comfortable option to the various Bluetooth headsets and other wired headsets I have tried.