These are really wonderful earbuds, the 3 Eq function is amazing; and the look and feel of the earbuds and earbud case is very well made. I've made my own pros and cons that I noticed that is keeping this product from being a full 5 stars.PROS:•The noise cancelation is excellent, and it has a snug fit in the ear. Sometimes i have to take one ear piece out to hear the world around me because of the noise canceling. Which I love so much.•The Sound is excellent aswell, the 3 eq function helps alot when I want to listen to a certain song with more bass. The acoustics are very surprising for the price on these earbuds.•The Range is excellent. Most bluetooth earbuds disconnect or get fuzzy after walking like five feet from their phone. But I managed to leave my phone upstairs and go all the way to the basement and have no trouble. Which is shocking to say the least.CONS:•The Battery life for these ear buds are good, but the case charge not so much. I'll use the earbuds for some hours and the lowest they will get is 60 or 50%. Let's say I let them charge up. They are fully charged now, I use them a second time, they are fully charged. After like the third time charging them in the case, the case is completely dead. No indicator that it needed charging or anything. Which leads to the earbuds that were on 60% in the case ;to slowly die there. Point being; putting an indicator or light system on the case to see how much charge is in the case would be nice.• The pairing can be weird at times. Sometimes I have no trouble paring, usually it's instantaneous. But sometimes one earbud will connect and the other won't. Or I'll be on a call, I'll grab the earbuds to be more private. The earbuds will pair to the phone. I'll hear the voice in the earbuds say "Connected" but the audio from my call will still play on speaker. Which can be vexing at times because I have the hang up, disconnect then reconnect, call back and it will work.OVERALL:Like I said previously, these are wonderful earbuds, more pros then cons; However the cons are still there which is why I rated this product 4.5/5 almost perfect but not really; Moreover I would definitely recommend these.