I made a mistake buying this cord. I bought this back in late August to use at the hospital as I was close to my baby’s due date and wanted a long cord in case electrical outlets wouldn’t be close enough to my hospital bed. The cord length was beyond perfect and its charging speed was decent. 2 long cords for a price under $20? Great deal, right? However, in early November of this year my iPhone XR gradually started acting strangely and basically became unusable:(1) Phone would restart or reboot itself while in use or while it was idle. Most times I had no choice but to do a hard reset when my phone (after restarting randomly) would be stuck on the Apple logo putting it into a boot loop. This happened multiple times a day.(2) Every single app was either crashing or freezing up, most times causing my phone to crash and restart. This included apps that the phone came with (e.g., the Settings app, Camera app) and apps purchased through the App Store.(3) My phone would sometimes “glitch out” with the screen turning pink and pixelated.(4) Some pictures I took became corrupted and were just plain white picture images.(5) My phone would get so hot even when I wasn’t using an app.(6) Refused to update the newest iOS update, 14.3.Etc. etc.While trying to download the recent iOS 14.3 update a few days ago my phone kept coming up with errors and would frequently crash while I attempted to install it. After failing to update through Wi-Fi I tried updating through iTunes on my MacBook (which resulted in errors) and on my husband’s computer which runs Windows 10 (also resulted in errors). Funnily enough the errors that kept popping up were possible links to either USB or hardware issues (a hint to my problem that I didn’t fully comprehend at the time). After one final attempt my phone crapped out and became stuck in recovery mode and refused to restore or update no matter what I tried. Took my iPhone in for repairs hoping they could figure out the problem and possibly restore my phone. Unfortunately, they could not fix it and informed me that the motherboard was damaged. That’s when it hit me. This is one of the many possible things that can happen when you use a non-certified Apple cable, and Apple warns its consumers to avoid cords like these. Charging cords that aren’t Apple certified (i.e., MFi certified) can either not charge well, damage the battery, fry the motherboard, etc. I should’ve listened and now I have an iPhone for a paperweight. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS. Apple will not fix phones that are damaged like mine. Better to shell out for an Apple certified (albeit expensive) charging cord with a short length than to have to buy a new iPhone altogether.