Revised again! labeler itself is fine but the pc software is beyond incredibly bad to point of being unusable. It's also impossible to save and recall a previous label without losing your mind. There is no documentation for the pc software. I doubt anyone at brother every tried to use or test the pc software. I'm making this judgement as someone who has written code for at least 50 years in all possible languages and has an MS in Computer Science. Do not buy this product if you really want to use the pc connection and software. Dymo is much better but the labeler is very inferior so you can't win/Revised from below: Incredible software but buggy. Maybe overly ambitious. Not sure was tested very much with the major issues having to do with the data base and saving labels. Have tested on several computers with the same problems.Usable mostly but like I said, amazingly functionality especially compared with Dymo's software. Might be a win 10 issue. Desperately needs an update for fixes = PLEASE. Unit wastes about 3/4" per label which is not unusable. However, the waste pieces are cut off for you and ejected like "shell casings". This means you don't have to trim the labels like with Dymo. Lastly, be sure to remove the plastic film from display since it's hard to see and causes "rainbows".----------------------------------------------- Original review - still holds ------------------------------To qualify my comments, I own several Dymo, Brother, and Panasonic labelers, some much more expensive (all good products from good companies), but this Brother is a real winner. Even though I have only had the unit for a relatively short period of time, I felt compelled to point out a couple of issues to prospective buyer. These issue don not detract from the excellent functionality, value, and quality of the unit. Just some things you need to know going in. First, the power adapter uses a negative center pin (as does DYMO!). There is absolutely no good reason for this except to force buyers to buy their power adapter if they lose the one it comes with and it is dangerous since because it uses a common size jack and voltages, customers might be tempted or accidentally plug in an power adapter from another product (like an external hard drive). Plugging in an adapter with the normal center positive pin could easily burn the unit out (unless it has reverse polarity protection, which I wouldn't test). I would suggest labeling their adapter as having a negative center pin. You can easily use a normal 12v 2Amp power adapter by using a reverse polarity adapter which Amazon sells for a few dollars. The other issue is that the color display screen is protected by two, one, plastic film layers. This is good except everyone else uses one and they don't mention this. I removed the first layer, turned the unit on, and thought that the unit was defective since the screen was dim and had lines going through it. By accident, I noticed a second plastic film covering the display which caused the problem (usually the film does not affect displays and protects against scratches). The third issue is that to insert the tape cartridge, you open a rear lid to expose the tape cartridge bay. It is not obvious how you open the rear lid, nor is anything mentioned about this in the manual or online. The answer is that you open the rear lid by firmly pulling up on an indented side tab. You have to pull firmly and then you will hear a loud crack like you snapped off some plastic latch. However, there is no release button and you just pull up, hear the crack, and then it pivots to the rear. To be fair, these are minor and this is an excellent unit, as mentioned, much better than the Dymo, certainly at this price point. It is well made and has an amazing variety of functions (including vertical or sideways print for labeling cables using 1" tape - equivalently priced Dymo units can do neither!). In fact, the main challenge is forcing yourself to spend the time to learn the various functions (although you don't have to if all you want to do is print simple labels since it starts up in "simple print label" mode). You can run the unit on batteries if you want (6 AA batteries, not some expensive rechargeable battery). The reason it needs 6 AA's is that it takes a lot of power to index the tape cartridge and cut the tape. The batteries are also needed if you want to retain any templates or settings you have made. The unit can be used quite effectively without connecting it to a computer but I would recommend such since the software (which has to be downloaded from Brother) is fabulous. One last thing is that some have mentioned that the unit wastes tape due to a large leader and trailer. THIS IS TRUE OF THE DYMO UNITS ALSO! The reason is mostly due to the cartridge designs, not necessarily their desire to sell tape. You can buy compatible tape on Amazon for much lower prices. This is the labeler to buy unless you want a small, light weight unit. While portable, it is oriented towards desktop use. (note, I have no connection to Brother and paid full price)