I've tried this three nights in a row now, and the left speaker is not consistently working; in order to get it to work I have to take the tiny control unit out of the itty bitty pocket and then fight to get it to fit back in the very tight pocket, in the dark, trying not to disturb my spouse. If my frustration were limited to that, I would just assume there's an issue with the wiring and seek replacement, but...*The voice over that tells you bluetooth "connected" is loud, and while I haven't yet experienced the other messages that people have mentioned ("low battery", "incoming call"), I can only imagine how jarring that will be in contrast to a sleep story, meditation, or white noise.That would be bad enough, but WAY WORSE...**Apparently there is NO WAY to have the speakers ONLY connect to podcast or music app that I can find with the included user instructions or during internet searches. The included directions are vague with regards to phone calls to/from the speakers. I pretty much knew that when I decided to purchase the headphones, and really thought that it was a dumb feature, WHO THE HECK BUYS A SLEEP MASK TO MAKE PHONE CALLS??? But I figured my phone is set to "do not disturb" overnight and it won't matter. Oh but it DOES matter.*******I never imagined that accidentally clicking the power button instead of the volume button WOULD PLACE A PHONE CALL. Not just through the integrated phone app on the iPhone. It opened up my Google Voice app (my BUSINESS NUMBER) and called a a family that I work with--at TWO THIRTY-TWO in the morning--I heard the phone ring instead of my sleep story get louder. I whipped off the facemask and grabbed my phone off the nightstand and hung it up before the end of the ringing sound. Thank goodness I didn't fumble and swipe out of the app accidentally or drop my phone to floor in the dark, I managed to minimally disturb my husband. An adrenaline rush of major embarrassment and frantic prayers that it didn't actually ring through on the client's side, did not help me with falling asleep AT ALL, which was the whole reason I decided to buy this product.**Since the only directions I found said that double-clicking the power button was supposed to be redial, I decided to experiment with that during "decent hours" today in case it actually went through. I watched my phone OPEN my FULLY-CLOSED Google Voice app and then DIAL THAT SAME CLIENT AS THE 2:32am call. Not a redial of the last call I placed, not a call on the integrated phone app that I had open.I am absolutely horrified at the thought of this happening again, and completely disappointed in this product. I tried to search the FAQs, the reviews, the product information and the customer questions, but I can find NO MENTION of this issue or how to fix it. Am I really THAT special to have the only iPhone XR and Musicozy sleep mask capable of pulling off such a stunt?