First off, most of the negative reviews about this speaker are due to counterfeit merchandise being delivered. My speaker came from an authorized dealer and shows no signs of being fake. It's the real deal.That being said, I can't see why anyone would choose to keep this speaker, let alone write any sort of positive review. My disappointment with this product is two fold.Firstly, the sound quality is terrible. Jbl is supposed to be a brand known for premium sound, but this product misses that mark entirely. I wouldn't even call it budget sound. I've owned over 20 bluetooth speakers, and I've heard better sound out of a product costing a quarter of what Jbl does. Despite having 2 subs on either side, the bass quality is terrible. I listen to primarily rock music, which mostly needs the bare minimum as far as low range is concerned, and this speaker can't even handle that. The sound is terribly muddled and any sort of bass that is delivered drives right over any high range leaving the listener yearning for even a cassette-tape-in-a-stock-yugo quality of sound. Just abhorrent that Jbl could confidently put their brand on this crap. I toyed around with different settings and equalizers for an hour. The sound is just garbage.My second issue is volume. This is categorized as a "portable" Bluetooth speaker, and it is, however it lies much on the bigger side of that portable range. For its size, it is shockingly unable to pump out the volume. To give you an idea, I mainly bought this speaker to have in my work truck, which is a tiny 2 seater truck cab. A speaker this size, or even smaller, should have no problem filling that truck cab with sound. And yet it doesn't. It's almost impressive how lacking it is in volume. I'm literally amazed at how weak it is for its size. Tried listening to it in my apartment as well, at full volume in the kitchen I could barely hear it 15 ft away in my bedroom. With how big this unit is I should be able to hear the words of a song from anywhere in my little apartment, but yet again, this speaker amazes in its lackluster performance.There are other things I could say, but I'll just leave it at that. I'm sending this back immediately for a refund and will likely never go with Jbl for my portable sound needs ever again. Much better sound and volume can be had for much less cost. Stay away from this one.