I thought they would be great sound was good fitment was perfect very comfortable to wear and battery life awesome. I could hear what others say and listen to music clearly no issues at all there. The problem was is no one could hardly hear me by everyone I tried to speak to the comments where sounded like I was under water in a fish bowl and they could here a constant clapping static noise over what I was trying to say that would drowned me out. Soon as I transferred to my phone speaker problem gone. I tried three other Bluetooths without issue and then back to this one and problem started immediately so unfortunately it was this unit. If they could fix that issue these would be really one of the best I've ever had and the most comfortable. Hopefully they improve their quality check or electronics in newer products.Update September 5 2022: reducing stars from 2 now to only 1 star because of the following.upon posting my review which one could say does have some negatives in it but overall does state how awesome they were in other aspects the company reached out in a desire to remedy the situation. I responded with sure notifying them I already started a return through Amazon but feel free to remedy it. Now here's the interesting thing that message was auto generated no real person sent it, soley based on the amount of stars given they sent that message out. Their follow was yet another auto generated message asking me to be more clear and articulate with what's wrong and to take pictures.......so some how I need to articulate what I already specifically stated was wrong and take a picture of a sound...... So the sutomer service appears to be nothing but a AI sending auto generated responses based off a algorithm of either stars or specific words used. THE HELL WITH THIS COMPANY STEER CLEAR,I have sent back these headphones almost two weeks ago I did get a recipe proving sent back and still not been refunded or the status changed in Amazon, one more week then I will be calling Amazon customer service. This company is not worth dealing with especially if you don't enjoy talking with computer generated responses.