UPDATE: Below this update is my initial review posted a few months ago. Let me start by saying, I really wanted to like these headphones; inexpensive, waterproof, and completely wireless headphones? That would be amazing. I think any of the other products produced by TOZO would do well, but the touch controls on T12 are the most ATROCIOUS thing. I had fairly long hair for a while, and if my hair touched the headphones then the volume would decrease, increase, music pause, the headphones would shut off etc. If a drop of rain touched the headphones same thing. Fleck of snow? Same thing. Now with having masks on, if the moisture from my breath gets on these headphones the SAME EXACT THING happens. It's great that they're waterproof, but it's not useful when the device can't even tell water from fingers. If water gets onto the inner part of the headphone that would be in the ear then the device just completely shuts down. Sometimes the touch doesn't even properly pick up a double tap from a single tap. The touch controls completely ruin this product so much so that I wish I could disable them. The headphones otherwise are really good (they don't stay in my ear if I move too much but that might be a 'my ear' problem). I would give it a 4+ star rating if the touch controls didn't suck.There are a number of things to love about this product. First of all, the IPX8 rating makes it great for using in situations where you're going to be surrounded by water such as running in heavy rain. The headphones are completely wire free which means you don't have to worry about cords getting stuck on anything. Considering the price and the IPX8 and completely wireless function alone these headphones are a really good option. The sound quality is also pretty good, I don't think they're the greatest sounding in the world, nor are they even close, but again for the price they sound great. When they're actually in your ear they do a great job about blocking out surrounding sound to the point where I would be concerned about not hearing surrounding traffic, so depending on the usage of the headphones this may be a good or a bad thing for you. The charging case can probably comfortable charge the headphones 2-3 times fully and I've gotten a good 6 hours of straight usage before needing to place them back in the charging case. The case and headphones both charge pretty quickly and I have yet to feel like I don't get enough time from my headphones nor do I miss them for a long time when they're in the charging case.The headphones themselves don't get very loud so if you're trying to really just blast music (which I think a lot of us like to do once in a while) don't expect that from these. The reason this doesn't bother me too too much is because since they do such a good job of drowning out noise just for being in your ear the music doesn't have to get loud to completely silence the environment. One of the big problems I have with the headphones though is that the whole "shove and rotate" system to "lock" them into your ear isn't reliable and I've had the headphones fall out on several occasions. They're especially prone to this happening if I'm wet for whatever reason. The headphones come with several sizes of ear plugs but the size that's just right for me doesn't seem to be reliable for an actual "locking in" on my ears. The absolute biggest problem I have with these headphones are the "touch" controls. They are some of the worst controls I've ever dealt with. They're particularly sensitive to water. If my hair gets wet and for some reason lands on the headphones the music will pause and then the volume will be changed depending on the headphone it touches. Sometimes a slight brush of my hair will pause the music when it's playing which doesn't really make sense because sometimes it doesn't properly register my finger pressing the controls. I wish the touch controls could be disabled so that the wet hair issue wouldn't happen. Sometimes I have to tap the headphones so hard while they're in my ear that the pressure in my ear from the tap is painful. Also, the multi tap system is excruciatingly annoying. The headphones can't respond quickly enough to a double or triple tap so you need to do a "tap 1-2 second pause tap" instead of just quick tapping. Even then, it still doesn't sometimes register that you've tapped multiple times which makes it hard to restart or skip songs. The other big issue with this is that the "on/off" touch and "change volume" touch are both a long hold. Sometimes, even when the song is paused, the headphones thing I'm trying to change the volume instead of turning them off which is kind of frustrating.Tldr; IPX8 waterproof headphones and the sound are OK for the price, noise cancelling is pretty good, charge time and battery are great. Headphones sometimes have difficulty staying in ears, don't like being touched by wet hair, and the touch controls are ATROCIOUS.