This list is not in any particular order and all just from my experience (10 months because the left bud is now dead):Positives:1. The waterproofing works really well.2. Very fast charging when the case is plugged in. Assuming the case accurately displays the battery life, I was able to get a full charge in 10 minutes.3. The bass is really good, especially if you're using a slightly larger tip which fills your ear more.Negatives:1. Any contact with the touch-panel will activate it. Not just your finger. If it bumps into anything, or you graze it slightly, it will pause, play, etc. This can be a hassle if you have long hair and are wearing the earbuds while doing your hair. Sometimes, just setting it on a table (touch-panel facing down) would long-hold the touch-panel, and increase or decrease the volume, or turn it off if both were facing down.2. That being said, sometimes, touching the panel wouldn't always work and I'd have to press two to several times to get it to respond.3. There is noticeable static when there is nothing playing, and it continues at the same level when anything is playing. Louder volumes can make up for it, but listening at loud volumes isn't ideal for ear health.4. They fall out really easily, especially if you look down for any length of time. I was constantly adjusting the buds in my ears (even after trying all of the tip sizes). Working out with these is a massive nuisance. Maybe my ears are just wrong.5. The buds are really big. This probably contributes to them falling out just because of the weight and weight distribution. They stick out of your ears a lot, and they are also uncomfortable to lie your head sideways on a pillow with. If you have large ears, this may not be an issue.6. I was never able to use these with my Surface Book 3. It would connect, and I could control pause/play and volume, but there was no sound coming through the buds at all. They worked for about 3 months with a Google Pixel 6, but after the June 2022 Pixel update, I started experiencing the same issues as with my Surface Book 3. My Pixel has been able to connect to every other device I've tried, including other wireless headsets. The buds have only worked for me on my old phone (LG k51) and an iPad Pro.7. 10 months into my use of these and the left bud is dead. Again, all of the functionality works, but there is no sound.Overall, for the moments when it was working well, it was really good, but these issues constantly come up and made my experience with the TOZO T12s one of the worst I've ever had.