TOZO T12 earbuds are not worth the thought, of trying out an inexpensive earbud, to see if they live up to the inflated reviews. Don't waste your time, energy or effort with this product; you'll be disappointed and have to find another pair in the end.The operations/functions are supposed to be controlled by your finger touching a sensor area of the earbud. In theory it's a good idea, but reality is that it seldom works and when it is responsive, the only function you can command is the tapping 3 times for the Google assistant. Other than that, no other operation can be successfully performed. This is very aggravating, as well as unsafe when you are driving and are relying on a truly wireless/hands-free device. I did not try to workout or run in these, but I can only imagine how terrible it would be, to stop what I'm doing so that I can control my earbuds from my phone, instead of the method that was a selling point.Next, the plastic charging and housing case is so cheaply made, that you become terrified of breaking the thing, by just opening the lid. It's constructed of thin, flimsy plastic, which bends and moves as though it's being ripped apart. When I opened the box, after the buds arrived, I actually thought I broke the case at the hinged point; and all I did was open the lid. Luckily the case didn't break, but I was scared from that point forward and had to treat it as if it were the most fragile thing in the world.The battery life is only 3.5-4 hours of non-stop music before they run dead and then you must charge them. The only plus, is that they charge rather quickly.The next big surprise was the volume level, or lack thereof. I never expected top quality sound and sound level, but I did expect a level of sound to be adequate for calls while driving or music while traveling. The quality was on par with what I expected so that was a plus, BUT the level of volume was low and coupled with the surrounding ambient noise, I was barely able to hear a conversation or my music that streamed. Again, didn't expect perfection, but I need it loud enough to hear.If you've read all this, I hope you make a better decision than I did, and pick another pair of earbuds to purchase. If you do get these, good luck and safe driving on your way to return them, once you experience what I did.For the TOZO T12 earbuds you definitely get what you pay for and that's not a lot! Somethings you can't go cheap; toilet paper, meat, presents for your wife or earbuds :)